I normally hate fights where guys gas, but since BOTH gassed in this one it was kind of interesting.	It was like watching two very sloppy drunks slug it out in a Taco Bell parking lot.
I hate that people say whites can never be discriminated against. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I also hate it when white people act on this shit and make light of it. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I live in Bradford. Bradford is a huge city in England that has a muslim majority and white people are discriminated every single day. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Fuck off.	Wow, you mad? I answered honestly. Scrub.
yup.  And I guess I completely agree with you now	Thank you, glad we met there.
She took no damage from the FT. She was hacking and slashing at the FT throughout the chase though so that's how she ended up covered n blood.	Don't spoiler tag comments about the episode itself.
Thanks for the real answer &lt;3	:D
Interesting. What is your native language? How many languages do you know? What's your favourite?	Swedish! Swedish and English. I like the melody of Swedish but you can express yourself more in English I think.
We were  cleaning, there are guards for it.	Oh ok, I was slightly confused. Nice hookah! 
Swole.	Likewise, Jag &lt;3 
How the fuck do you butcher text shadow that bad?	That's not shadow text. That's whoever made the image typing the same thing twice in two different font sizes to try to mimic it. newlinechar  newlinechar All that needed to be done was to apply a stroke to the text.
(nerd talk) The Reddit API allows for flair editing... You could write a script to run on each day and it could automatically change your flair. But that's a bit too much work, even for me lol	[soo...](http://img.pandawhale.com/50246-so-youre-telling-me-theres-a-c-RHL9.jpeg)
It was like watching two very sloppy drunks slug it out in a Taco Bell parking lot.	which is why it was great
I'd eat one waffle normally (so 1 unit of syrup for it) and then discard the remaining syrup because I don't like either less or extra syrup, and I have no use for .5 of a serving of syrup. newlinechar  newlinechar 'But what about the second waffle' you say, doubting my waffle/topping distribution skill.  newlinechar  newlinechar I use jam on the second waffle. BOOM. I just blew your mind. Different topping = a more diverse waffle experience. It's like a waffle/syrup/jam orgy in my mouth.  newlinechar  newlinechar 'What flavor would my jam of choice be?' You ask, trying to recover from that mind explosion I gave you a couple sentences back. newlinechar  newlinechar An amateur question, but I shall answer note the less. Any real jam enthusiast knows that the only real answer to this question is raspberry jam. Anything else is simply no good.  newlinechar  newlinechar 	Only scrub lords don't use chocolate syrup+whipped cream
What does it taste like and how long does it take? 	it tastes pretty bland.  when i tried it, i had to do the spinning thing for like 10-15 minutes for one egg.  if you shine a good flashlight through the egg, you can tell if you've scrambled it (before cooking).  unscrambled egg will be more clear.  a mixed up scrambled one will block more of the light. newlinechar  newlinechar the end result was nothing special, so i wont be wasting my time spinning it in a shirt again.
It doesn't say that it contains mostly fat, it says it contains high amounts of fat...	If you consider 1/6th a high amount of fat you really don't understand nutrition.
I think I found the source: newlinechar  newlinechar http://redd.it/1lgz4j	That would be it! I also found that by adding a sticky asking where they were coming from, then deleting it when I got an answer. newlinechar  newlinechar How did you find it?
Why would Assad use chemical weapons.  He is winning the civil war and is backed by Russia.  The last thing he and Russia want is the US getting involved.	Because any strategy is good strategy. Why did NATO use missiles and airstrikes instead of ground forces in Libya? newlinechar  newlinechar This is textbook military strategy.
It's about $2 billion dollars over budget and climbing.	I don't know if that's public knowledge, but its pretty embarrassing.
Thank you, glad we met there.	Are you guys done?
can you link some of those ads i havent seen them	http://img268.imageshack.us/img268/8025/copyofdsc01117.jpg
wow, how nice! I'm sure I saw this on tv, probably just didn't remember that part anymore.. I must have seen this!	It's part of the Disney movie, 'The three caballeros'. Love it.
All of Brian Regans quotes.	TAKE LUCK!
I think many games go a year out then the teams move on to 'the next release' it just makes sense to move on and a year seems sufficient.  I'd hope they start BL3 sooner than later.	Ah, activision has trained you well.
Have you had a chance to even touch the ball on kickoffs yet? newlinechar  newlinechar he's above average on 45+ yarders.	How is he on 60 yarders?
FUCK YOU I PLAY SOFTBALL	I'M SORRY OKAY IT WAS A SANDLOT REFERENCE D:
Wut.  They were so much worse.	How? It ended in a finish?
They really can't. I root for them everytime to no avail. I was hoping they'd at least make a wild card, but they just can't quite get the momentum.	Well, considering they're chasing the A's in the wild card, I don't WANT them to win, but if I were gonna watch the game, I would at least want to know that there was the possibility of it to make it interesting. 
I'm reading that as 'Dark Soulsh'	If only Sean Connery would do a video commentary as he played Dark Souls.  Life would be complete
&gt;Slavery being illegal 	Ohh, well done.
That would be it! I also found that by adding a sticky asking where they were coming from, then deleting it when I got an answer. newlinechar  newlinechar How did you find it?	I was just browsing through my subscriptions and came across it :) newlinechar  newlinechar 
I've seen it before, it's a somewhat common thing to do I guess. newlinechar  newlinechar [](/fluttershh 'Toyota &gt;&gt;&gt; Scion') Also I world probably do the same if I owned one.	It's indeed a badge swap.  When he did his vinyl wrap he replaced it with the Toyota badge.
Honestly, why is this it's own post. Not trying to be offensive, but who are you to be commenting on this? A fan? I'm just sick of every post here being 'My take on...' , 'What I think of the -- Storyline...'. I feel like this reddit should be about the discussion of news and storylines going on, not everyone circle jerking saying 'With Cena gone, people sure are going to step up and we will see who does well' Obviously, this isn't adding anything to any discussion. It's not thoughtful or insightful. Sorry to go off on you, it is not personal. It is an overall problem with a subreddit I used to come to where there would be interesting photos/videos posted consistently, but over the past couple of months it's just more and more discussion of the same old thing. 	BUT MUH VALIDATION 
In a world full of Biebers, Lohans and Swifts, I'd have to agree that Katy Perry is indeed a shining beacon of what it means to be successful, charming, authentic and classy.	Swift is pretty cool. She stays out of the tabloids for doing drugs and shit. Instead she's hounded for her love life. 
Looks like Santiago to me. 	Santiago in Corona? 
Here in the netherlands it comes at 08:00 at comedy central. I'm not sure if there are any episodes online ATM.	Thanks! But unfortunately I don't own a TV here.
I'M SORRY OKAY IT WAS A SANDLOT REFERENCE D:	WELL SOME PEOPLE DONT CATCH REFERENCES ANAL FUNGUS!
It shouldn't affect the payment plan. You'll still be responsible for paying off the S4 regardless of if you have it or not. As far as insurance I don't think it will be covered but I'd check with asurion just to be sure. 	The Note 2 not being covered under insurance is what I was afraid of. But getting it for $250 being a fresh refurb is too good to pass up. I'm gonna try it out for a few weeks and see if I like it better than my S4. I only want to keep one.
Um we leave at half go into the parking lot, drink.. then come back in for the second half.	A lot of people decided to stay out there lol
I'm still not sure if the vacuum guy doesn't just send you to Belize. Something in the way this business operates just doesn't add up.	that would be a criminal genius. he makes you pay an extravagant sum of money, then he simply offs you. everyone will think everything is going according to plan because you contact it precisely to disappear from wherever you come from. saul would reccoment this guy and never realise that the reason those people disappear is the guy simply kills them.
If you hold CTRL and right click on the mini map you arty will immediately aim there rather than dragging your mouse to another enemies position across the map.  	Oh, wow.  I'll try that out, I'm about to hop into the game in a few minutes.
Where do drug laws come into play here?	It's a similar arguement of how even though drugs are illegal people will still do them.
&gt; £9.8 newlinechar  newlinechar That's over $15 USD, several other quality registrars sell .com's for just over half that. I recently switched to NameSilo, Internet.bs is another popular one amongst domainers.	Tbh i'd rather pay more for a criticly aclaimed and well established regristrar where you know your domains are safe.
lol. I just meant not custom. Sometimes a custom one will work because its only minor differences, but usually it looks awkward.	I know what you meant. :D Have you tried Google images but limiting it to 6mp results?
Fair enough. If you don't consider something with a higher fat percentage than the majority of KFC's menu to be high in fat then I don't mind someone like you calling me dumb.	&gt;Fair enough. If you don't consider something with a higher fat percentage than the majority of KFC's menu to be high in fat newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.kfc.com/nutrition/pdf/kfc_nutrition.pdf newlinechar  newlinechar Please, at least think about your claims before you make a fool of yourself.
Don't you live in Egypt?	I live in New York state, but I spend my summers in Egypt :)
Follow up question: Did you request an elephant butthole? 	Haha no actually. I have seen on this subreddit where others have received drawings so I just asked for one when I put in my order and this is what I got. I'm cool with it haha. 
Only time I'll ever upvote either of those words.	im a poet.
Definitely, what kind of cake would you like?	Any cake is good cake
You're boring me now. 	You're making my dick hard.
No everywhere on the field.	nice.
I was just browsing through my subscriptions and came across it :) newlinechar  newlinechar 	It's pretty useful having that kind of exposure!
WELL SOME PEOPLE DONT CATCH REFERENCES ANAL FUNGUS!	I REALLY HOPE THAT WAS A REFERENCE I'M NOT CATCHING :(
Everyone else just getting color bars?   newlinechar    newlinechar Was hoping it'd be better than last week's. :(	I'm getting the bars too. 
Here is my whole garden  newlinechar http://imgur.com/VIbDO1B	Very nice all ace of spades? Or what strains?
Pedroia needs to be on here, I know he probably doesn't have the bulk numbers yet. But, c'mon.	SOME DAY. newlinechar  newlinechar Actually he probably will never surpass Joe Morgan.
[My desk at work :\)](http://i.imgur.com/qbm1GfV.jpg)	That's too awesome :D
I think it is funny because they all want Elissa out, but they want one half of McCranda out first. 	That's one of the enjoyable parts. She assumes it's this polar battle of Amanda versus Elissa, like there aren't other people in the house. Maybe consider for a moment that they want both of you gone? Not going to bother? OK. 
not what i ordered, but an acceptable dish to serve a fan.	A Holliday home run would also be acceptable. I hear they're quite good as well.
*We're here for you.*   newlinechar  newlinechar *Let's start with address and full name.*	P. Sherman, 42 Wallaby Way, Sydney
So 120km range, low level of travel, only weakness I can see is that it only flies at mach 0.9 meaning its a pretty easy target for goalkeeper/phalanx 	They have 90 Sepal antiship missiles too, but they are old, from 1986... newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.fas.org/nuke/guide/russia/theater/ss-n-3.htm newlinechar  newlinechar Do you think they could still work?
LF: Crawford -  back to the lead newlinechar  newlinechar RF: Puig -  the kid from the bench newlinechar  newlinechar 1B: Gonzalez -  the powerful newlinechar  newlinechar SS: Ramirez -  he sees you newlinechar  newlinechar CF: Ethier -  the moisturizer of panties newlinechar  newlinechar 3B: Uribe -  plain ol'  feast mode newlinechar  newlinechar 2B: Schumaker -  the bringer of grit newlinechar  newlinechar C: Federowicz -  the bringer of packages newlinechar  newlinechar P: Capuano -  of the 0ER variety (hopefully)	the ethier one...lol
[*Spiderface*](/twisign)	http://media.comicbookmovie.com/images/users/uploads/39115/tumblr_ldjuqqbmGo1qbch4xo1_400.jpg
Another thing, what would happen if you went on a full on rampage on one of these role play servers? Would the cops be dispatched? 	npc cops, star system took care of any bs that went down and there were some jobs you could do from delivery to robbing
I'm getting the bars too. 	http://new.livestream.com/accounts/3643282/NWSLFinalWNYFFCvPTFC?query=nwsl&amp;cat=event newlinechar  newlinechar Go thorns!
Are you guys done?	Yup, give it a few minutes before going in though so the smell dissipates.
God you Steelers fans are everywhere. What we need are more Packers fans in Ann Arbor. 	How's Lacy looking?
Haha I was being ironic. It's hard to tell on reddit, people here push the boundaries of irony it's true.	phew! sorry, from what i've seen people are saying reddit is getting more racist which i hope isn't true! i came here to get away from idiots like that! 
Is that actually true?  Are there NO fat people in places that experience famine?  Not a fat acceptance apologist, but, you know, citation please. 	North Korea doesn't have any fat people. Neither did the Nazi concentration camps or Soviet gulags (not after a few months, anyway). newlinechar  newlinechar Genetics don't change fast enough for the lack of fat people to be the result of a lack of genetic conditions.
What, do you stop the tooth fairy at the door (chimney? window?) and tell her how much to give your children?	I hate to tell you, but...
that's a drink for you and a sexy lady at a bar with your new jeans on. that 10 bucks could have got your laid ese. 	im underage, but point taken
You sound like a caring and concerned friend. In all honesty, it's not your place to help Russ, he may have to seek help from professionals. Just remember the reason why you didn't want to keep in touch with him after high school - you aren't like-minded and he has ulterior motives. Keep a good crowd of people around you, that's all you really need.	I just know that if he didn't tell his parents or anyone else, he only told me. I feel like he sees me as the only person to reach out to. I agree, he does need professional help, but I'm not sure if he'd seek it out. He has a lot of pride, really too much. I think I just have to let go and hope he can turn around once he's let out of jail. And thanks for taking the time to read this and give your advice, I really do appreciate it.
Krylov didn't break his rib, he said he did it before the fight, and i thought he did pretty well considering there was 265 pound beast on him and still got a few shots off, escapes and submission attempts for a good 6 minutes and your guaranteed to be tired after that.	Yeah, I posted that before he said that. It looked like he broke his rib with those knees in the first, turns out he knee'd an already injured rib.  newlinechar  newlinechar Just all around awful fight iq from Krylov. Soa started wilting as soon as he was hitting those knees to the body in the first. Probably should've been aware of that. Then he keeps trying to grapple with this guy that is 30+ pounds bigger than him. Then at the end of the 2nd he has him up against the cage with Soa covering his head, so what does he do? Throw a bunch of shots to the head. All he had to was land one or two shots to Soa's undefended body and he would've dropped. 
You guys worried about Pelfrey tonight?	Scared to death.
So 2 miles in 20 minutes?	yeah. It's sad.
That’s a Bold Strategy, Cotton newlinechar http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Ru8DMW-grY	Maybe they should announce the XB1 release date on ESPN 8 'The Ocho'
Ok, Thank you! And one more thing: if I buy a PS+ card before the PS4 comes out, can I use it when I make a PSN account when the PS4 comes out? (I'm switching from the Xbox to the PS4.)	Yep :)
I forgot to mention it got broken up at 845pm. Lol. People had just started showing up.	Fuck, you must have had a full keg.  Remember what happened to it?  Did you return it full? newlinechar  newlinechar *Because I must know*
I can never get them to work.	I usually can this might be the first time ever it's been a problem for me
It feels like we're in for a rough season.  Bad O-line, Hill is looking like Riley Nelson 2.0, and I'm not sure how the defense is going to hold up against quality teams.	I have faith in our defense, but the defense can't realistically score all our points, no matter how good they are. Offense is a joke like last year but with a tougher schedule. Van Noy should have left early for his draft stock, now I just feel bad for him.
Does it pause when it shows the 'sorry, you died' screen? If it doesn't, you can just wait for the fire to reach the teleporter and kill the ship.	Yeah it pauses all the gameplay when you die. I was thinking that if I died, at least I could watch the flagship burn but no such luck!
Seems like a funny idea until it's dark and wet and someone slips and cracks their head.	Thanks mom
Does this mean you got to see Udina's fabricated evidence in-game?  If so, I'm jealous.	Yes I did. And it pissed me off.
Yeah, that's what Vietnam said.	That's good thinking. newlinechar  newlinechar Up vote for you good sir. 
Sadly there's still 6 innings left. newlinechar  newlinechar Oh by the way, we don't have a hit yet. It could get much much worse.	I will throw a football onto the field tomorrow if we get no hit. 
I REALLY HOPE THAT WAS A REFERENCE I'M NOT CATCHING :(	BITCH I MADE THAT UP ON THE DAMN SPOT!
What about for all the ugly dudes in the world :( 	Obviously girls only care about personalities. /s
It's fake	I meant of the artist.
You're right, It doesn't. I was being generous :p newlinechar  newlinechar Personally I was REALLY hoping for something like chivalry instead of this... Maybe Ryse 2!!	I don't think you're likely to find anything like Chivalry on a console.
It's easier just to go at it while they're asleep.	&gt; go at it **in their beds** while they're asleep newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY
Did you see that block?!?	put him on defense, at least he wants to hit someone!
Except you spelled it wrong	Wounded.
Yep. Handy way of remembering; spring up, fall down. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: also works for the clocks as: spring forward, fall back.	thanks for making me a more a-learned man
league of legends will always be more popular because it's way easier to play.  	Thanks Einstein!
Well they play tomorrow no matter what, both the 3rd place and finals are tomorrow.	Oh yeah! Duh.
Really, can you understand the African dialects of French so easily? It's completely impossible for me as a German, but then again I don't think I'd fare quite so well anywhere outside the Sorbonne...	Yeah but  I grew up around them so it was easier for me to adapt. Then again my own mother had a typical Belgian accent so i didn't even know how french was supposed to properly sound like till i entered school.
Police tend to view people wearing bulky clothing as being potentially armored, you have no idea what they have on under that. So naturally they use a high powered weapon if they might have to shoot someone who could be armored. Luckily he had a perfect opportunity for a head shot (only one pellet missed Gale's head, and the hostage had pulled away slightly)	the shotgun rounds police carry are not going to defeat body armor.
Any cake is good cake	Very true &lt;3
Honestly I've never read a book where the hero was 'perfect' in the way you described.. Ever. They always have to fight through the hard times and fail. That's hardly a unique part of HP.	Well, this is from my perspective. I have read tons where the 'Hero' is pratically perfect, or they get over there flaws in a simple way. it's what I really admired. newlinechar  newlinechar edit* I didn't mean to say it was uniquie. It's just what I loved about Harry Potter. newlinechar 
Adderall is a hell of a drug. 	MDMA is a hell of a drug.  
Is it attempting to start? If not check your clutch and kickstand safety sensors.	It's not attempting at all. I've started the bike with the kickstand down before. 
I Supermanned off of my bike too. Except I tore a rotator cuff in the process. 	That's awful! how long did it take to heal?
[](/fs26)Now what?	No idea! I've never gotten this far before [](/books)
Risked your life by posting a picture of your bleeding leg for that sweet sweet karma. That cut turns into an infection and you die getting your leg amputated. 	Well, that wasn't what I was expecting.
Its complicated. Though if you have any question I am more then happy to answer them. 	I literally meant Reddit in general, I already know all about the Freemasons. Do yor thing.
That's one of the enjoyable parts. She assumes it's this polar battle of Amanda versus Elissa, like there aren't other people in the house. Maybe consider for a moment that they want both of you gone? Not going to bother? OK. 	She thinks her and McCrae are like the golden ones. 'If Elissa could convince GM to put us up, what will she do next?' Like WHOA no one ever thought to put them up on their own. 
No reason to be sorry. Not really sure why you are getting down votes. Not everyone is a scholar in Japanese 	Aah, Reddit's a little weird with what they downvote. I think most might have assumed I posted after the correct comments, which makes sense, but it's still sort of odd to downvote someone for not knowing something, hahaha. newlinechar  newlinechar The symbol is a really cute thing, though. English doesn't have that much to work with to create cool signs and symbols like that!
There is an art, or rather, a knack to flying. The knack lies in learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.	The best way to do so would be to simply not focus on the fact your falling. There are even expensive flying schools that would have someone jump out fully naked during your fall so you simply forget...
Namaskar! newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;This believe is not mistaken, it is accurate, at least in the case of any religion I'm familiar with (mainly the Abrahamic religions). newlinechar  newlinechar I'm a former Christian pastor who also studied for ~3 years for conversion to Orthodox Judaism before, eventually, becoming Hindu. With respect, I can assure you that the purpose of Judaism and Christianity is *not* to present an explanation on where the Universe came from. For example, a cursory reading of Genesis will demonstrate that barely any information is actually present, especially that information that can be tested. Human beings *love* testing things, if origin was the point then why isn't there more information explaining *exactly* how it happened? Because the point of the creation myth is to express that the creation *came from God* and no one else. Especially in the lands and time of ancient Judaism, where there were many competing ideologies. It was the Hebrew's way of saying 'Nuh uh, guys! Our god did it! It says so right here!'. newlinechar  newlinechar So what is the point of Judaism and Christianity? Well, you've heard it before from them but I'm going to go ahead and reiterate it anyway: *love* and *respect*. Kind of makes what's going on with, at least Christianity, a lot worse than just saying 'God made the Universe in six days,' doesn't it? =( newlinechar  newlinechar I can actually provide proof from their own scriptures that this was the purpose of the religions: newlinechar  newlinechar Deut. 6:5 newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;And you shall love the Lord, your God, with all your heart and with all your soul, and with all your means. newlinechar  newlinechar R. Hillel newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;“That which is hateful to you, do not unto another: This is the whole Torah. The rest is commentary — [and now] go study.” newlinechar  newlinechar Matthew 22:36-40 (though not from Judaism's Tanakh, this is a story about a Jewish Rabbi being tested by Jewish Rabbis on the cornerstone of the religion, later adapted for Christianity) newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;36 “Teacher, which is the greatest commandment in the Law?” 37 Jesus replied: “‘Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind.’ 38 This is the first and greatest commandment. 39 And the second is like it: ‘Love your neighbor as yourself.’ 40 All the Law and the Prophets hang on these two commandments.” newlinechar  newlinechar So if *the* core commandment, the cornerstone upon which the entire religion is built, is *love* and *respect* then why is that the one thing they most need to work on? Well, I could write a book on that! =D Basically it sums up to human nature. It's easier for me to try to change *you* than it is to try to change *me* and, when I fail, it's easier to persecute *you* while claiming that you're actually trying to persecute *me* than anything else. After all, you're the one really at fault for all the world's ills, not me! (Not really, I like you a lot and I'm sure you're a great guy! =D ) newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;If this is not the point of religion, then what is the point? newlinechar  newlinechar I touched on this elsewhere in the thread, but I just typed the response so you probably missed it. No worries! You don't mind a copy-pasta do you? newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Whatever a person wants it to be, I guess. I would - and have - argue that religion's purpose is to elevate the mundane to the realms of the holy. A classic example of this in Hinduism: the lotus. The lotus grows in the muck and mud beneath the water's surface, but through patience and diligent obeisance the lotus breaks free of the confines of the slime and even the water's surface to blossom in the light of the warm sun and breath the free air. newlinechar  newlinechar So does this mean *you* need religion? If you think it'll help! Otherwise *you* know you better than anyone and I'm sure you're doing a great job at being the best you you can be! Keep up the good work! =D	&gt; I'm a former Christian pastor who also studied for ~3 years for conversion to Orthodox Judaism before, eventually, becoming Hindu. With respect, I can assure you that the purpose of Judaism and Christianity is not to present an explanation on where the Universe came from. For example, a cursory reading of Genesis will demonstrate that barely any information is actually present, especially that information that can be tested newlinechar  newlinechar So, genesis does not tell the story of how god created the universe?  What was it about? newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; So what is the point of Judaism and Christianity? Well, you've heard it before from them but I'm going to go ahead and reiterate it anyway: love and respect. Kind of makes what's going on with, at least Christianity, a lot worse than just saying 'God made the Universe in six days,' doesn't it? =( newlinechar  newlinechar So why are there so many examples of barbarism in the bible?  Things that any sane person would consider completely immoral today? newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; So if the core commandment, the cornerstone upon which the entire religion is built, is love and respect then why is that the one thing they most need to work on? Well, I could write a book on that! =D Basically it sums up to human nature. It's easier for me to try to change you than it is to try to change me and, when I fail, it's easier to persecute you while claiming that you're actually trying to persecute me than anything else. After all, you're the one really at fault for all the world's ills, not me! (Not really, I like you a lot and I'm sure you're a great guy! =D ) newlinechar  newlinechar That's a laudable philosophy, my question is: why would a moral person require the threat of eternal damnation by an all-powerful creator to be moral?  Religion seems to be a way to scare people into the kind of moral behavior that atheists exhibit without any mythical threat. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; So does this mean you need religion? If you think it'll help! Otherwise you know you better than anyone and I'm sure you're doing a great job at being the best you you can be! Keep up the good work! =D newlinechar  newlinechar So do you think that people should believe something simply because it will have a good outcome if they believe it?  I think you should only believe something if there is evidence that it is true, regardless of the consequences.
My neighbor would steal my rhubarb, claiming it was 'alley property' and I didn't have my name on it. Very rude, using all sorts of crass language. My jimmies were quite rustled.	Me too.  newlinechar https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SDKuWphUaWI&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player
Copy Artifact on the Metapmorph.	Copy enchantment on the copy artifact.
SOME DAY. newlinechar  newlinechar Actually he probably will never surpass Joe Morgan.	But Joe Morgan doesn't believe in WAR! 
Well, considering they're chasing the A's in the wild card, I don't WANT them to win, but if I were gonna watch the game, I would at least want to know that there was the possibility of it to make it interesting. 	I like the A's and the Indians in the AL. Indians happen to be closer to me, and some family, so I have a soft spot for them.
if these are your favorite pictures I'm sorry	These are my favourite pictures because I don't have favourite pictures. I have pretty pictures, but pretty pictures become bland the more you look at them. I have funny pictures, but they become annoying as time goes on. These things I've hand (most of them) for two years or so. And I still like looking at them just as much. So they are as favourite as they can get. newlinechar  newlinechar What is your favourite picture?
Only scrub lords don't use chocolate syrup+whipped cream	This particular slum lord is allergic to chocolate...  newlinechar  newlinechar Haha... I guess I'll have to try whipped cream then. 
I did that, only with high-gravity malt liquor and ramen. I added Tang to my diet once I started showing signs of scurvy. Didn't really help that much. Hopefully there's no permanent damage from this idiotic stage of my life. newlinechar 	Pretty sure scurvy is easily reversible and leads to no lasting damage.
Not always, but it can be.	Yeah but around here people just shout 'moar boosters' like its the be all end all of advice.
Who is this 'David Tyree'? I'm 100% certain such a person doesn't exist.	He was this guy who made a really cool catch in a Super Bowl, that led to a game winning drive a few years ago. I can't remember who the Giants beat that year but it was a pretty big upset.
Are you serious?  AM3+ doesn't have integrated graphics through the CPU.  It's through [the Motherboard.](http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16813157323&amp;nm_mc=AFC-C8Junction&amp;cm_mmc=AFC-C8Junction-_-na-_-na-_-na&amp;cm_sp=&amp;AID=10446076&amp;PID=3938566&amp;SID=)   newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar **Onboard Video** newlinechar  newlinechar | &gt; Onboard Video Chipset  newlinechar  newlinechar | &gt;&gt;&gt;  ATI Radeon 3000  newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT:  I bet you downvoted me, too?   	TIL newlinechar  newlinechar But I do have to point out that you won't be able to mod or do anything big with graphics like that. On top of the fact that you're spending 530 bucks when you can spend 400 and get an APU build that'll smoke this one. 
[This one is well over 100% terrifying.  Warning, picture is PG-13](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6a/Krampus_Morzger_Pass_Salzburg_2008_10.jpg)	Do we really need to know if the image is 'pg-13'?
Walker Art Center. Minneapolis, MN	It was at the State Fair.
Either you're dyslexic or a moron. 	lolz well my bad... and yes as a matter of fact i am dyslexic... did not noticed that until now...
I don't recognise any of these names. Who are these people?	Washington: United States  newlinechar  newlinechar Liz=Elizabeth: England newlinechar  newlinechar Cath=Catherine the Great: Russia newlinechar  newlinechar Wu: China newlinechar  newlinechar Harun: Syria  newlinechar  newlinechar Chervenko decided to equate each country with their respective ruler in Civ 5.
well no one saw that coming. newlinechar  newlinechar good for him.	SERIOUSLY, my jaw has yet to pick up from the ground. this is awesome...
hell no not for me.	Could you explain what you mean please. I'm not sure what your referring to?
It's a 4 possession game. Time for Georgia/Clemson.	Look what youve done i change the channel and all i see is Manziels smug little face
Is Hitler a celeb? Okay he is. Well that moustache must get people 'going', surely? Take me back 60 years, make me a female and just give me that chance.	He's damn fine
No you don't.  They'll rob you blind*. newlinechar  newlinechar *at the rate of 1.3 DVD's per year.	something to think about
That trial (or whatever it was) annoyed me. newlinechar  newlinechar **SPOILERS AHEAD** newlinechar  newlinechar The girl gets sent to retrieve an artifact or something and is told: **'DO NOT TOUCH ANYTHING ELSE IN THE ROOM!'** newlinechar  newlinechar She finally enters the room and sees the pale man lying on the table but not moving. newlinechar  newlinechar She sneaks past him, gets the artifact and just as she's about to successfully leave she gets the bright idea 'Hey, let's grab a strawberry!'. newlinechar  newlinechar [Nightmarefuel follows.](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-vf0_cTLKKVI/TkmV-NMr-QI/AAAAAAAAA_w/qEgNL4zha_w/s400/pans_labyrinth_05_large.jpg)	Haha, to be honest though that food looked worth waking up the horror that is, the pale man. newlinechar  newlinechar I love how she nonchalantly squats the pixies away.
The guy basically called me stupid and said my league is garbage.  How am I the bad guy? newlinechar  newlinechar I totally appriciate the breakdown and I feel like you are right on the money.  I just needed some outside opinions about this league with and all my fantasy football friends are in the league and don't want to talk strategy with another person in the league.  I'm really leaning towards QB, RB, WR, WR, TE, WR, WR, RB etc. if I can get one of the top 3-4 QBs and RB, QB, WR, WR, WR, RB, WR, WR etc. if they are gone.	They aren't exactly in the right here either, but as the poster who is asking for advice it is best just to ignore the hate. Look at it, disagree and move on. I'm glad my advice could help though!
~3 years ago in Nampa someone ran a stop sign and hit my car (no one was hurt). When the officer was filling out paperwork and getting proof of insurance and what not, I realized I didn't put my new insurance card in the car, so I only had the old one. I pulled up my insurance via the USAA App on my phone and she was able to use that.  newlinechar I cannot confirm this works for a traffic stop for speeding or something, but one would think that an auto accident would be more strict in regards to proof of insurance, so I would assume it would be fine. 	A quick note though, I can't say I would be entirely comfortable handing  over my phone in an unlocked state to someone I don't know. I don't have anything to hide, but that doesn't mean I want someone snooping through my phone/pictures. With the traffic accident, she simply sat there and wrote down the details while I held the phone up. A traffic stop would likely result in them taking your phone back to their car to input all the info
POWER!	CYCLONE! 
But people should keep in mind that this is just the controller. It needs to be wired up to power and to an outlet before it can do anything (that's the extra $10 in op's post)	Good point, thanks.  I'm using one for my fermentation chamber and one for my keezer as well.  It's not just plug-and-play, there is some additional work that's needed to wire it up properly.  If you aren't comfortable working with 120V you should probably choose a different controller such as [this](http://www.amazon.com/Johnson-Controls-Digital-Thermostat-Control/dp/B00368D6JA/ref=pd_sxp_f_pt).
Where is this 'monopoly'?  newlinechar  newlinechar We have access to more different media right now, than at any previous time in history.	The monopoly is in print media.
Scared to death.	Not as scared as I am when he takes the mound.
And by that point you only barely beat a stock fit mosquito. newlinechar  newlinechar And what do we get? A slightly faster TTK with the Rotary which is harder to hit with then those of the other factions... newlinechar  newlinechar Oh, and vertical thrust, because being slightly faster at gaining altitude will surely help me give that edge to beat an aircraft that's faster, more agile and smaller.	If you don't know what you're talking about, you probably shouldn't post. Go look up the afterburner speed and recharge rates, the Reaver is the fastest ESF by a large margin. Which is intentional (as Higby has said multiple times).
What kind of wood?	Pretty sure the boards are oak, not sure about the gears. I know cherry, oak and walnut were commonly used back then.
'Someone to share my Mormon with'? newlinechar  newlinechar I'l be very honest with you: I could certaily use a good Mormon. I heard they make excellent quilts and butter, two things my apartment is sorely lacking.	The best I can do is a bad one; Mitt Romney has been looking for a job.
People are making macros to do it anyway, this just makes life easier for those who do not know how to create a macro. If SE would implement a regular queue system, this wouldn't be necessary at all. Plus, the people who aren't using macros, are still spamming the '0' key until they get in anyway, this just allows it so they can do something more productive while they wait.	Right, I understand that.  My point is, my odds of actually being able to log in go up if other people instead go and do other things instead of using your tool.  But if everyone is using tools like this, their odds of getting in don't go up, they go down, because the login request buffer exceeds capacity with a greater frequency.  The only way your tool helps is if it is providing a unique advantage to the user. newlinechar  newlinechar For more details, see: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tragedy_of_the_commons
Preppy.  newlinechar  newlinechar You forgot your sperry's	My sperry mocs are in the mail
Open yo gates	Thank you sir!!
I don't think they'd fit him if they were zipped.	Homeboy needs new pants
/r/RandomActsOfVinyl, /r/RandomActsOfBras, /r/RandomActsOfKindness, /r/RandomActsOfCards, /r//r/RandomActsOfTf2...nothing yet.   newlinechar  newlinechar Random BRAS, really?  I might need a shower just thinking about wearing strangers' used bras.  Yuk. newlinechar  newlinechar /r/RandomActsOfPetFood, /r/RandomActsOfGaming, /r/RandomKindness, and /r/RandomActsOfBlowJob.  O_O  Still not interested.	You forgot Random Acts of Oral Sex!
Actually, vore is eating live humans. newlinechar  newlinechar Source: I read A LOT of fanfic.	Could be either actually, but around 98% of the time it is referring to live humans, so saying that eating animals alive is called vore is terribly misleading.
Reddit mobile.  	Doubletap enter
Oh my god you have to ask?	Yes, I do. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm really sorry about continuing this, but I want to know why someone would say that abusing an animal is better that having a starving child. newlinechar  newlinechar Sorry again, I just really want to know.
&gt; I think, personally, that free health care should exist in the case of accidents or unfortunate circumstances. newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah, but what about accidents caused by someone's stupidity or that otherwise could have been prevented? Should those people have to pay in full as well? After all, an awful lot of accidents of various types happen because people are either ignoring warnings or otherwise just being dumb.	Yeah I know, it's a difficult system full of huge holes. Basically, any injuries caused by every day day to day kind of stuff, or excersize, would be covered, but only the things that everyone KNOWS is bad for you, such as smoking, drunk driving, drugs, obesity, would be on you. It's not a practical system, I agree, but would be perfect if someone could make it work.
The tax and stronger currency is what makes the price higher... 20% of the price in the uk is added on by the government	This changes nothing. In the end europeans still pay more, a costumer does t care who gets x amount of the cut. 
No doubt I'm beyond lucky my husband is understanding of my love of make up. I know I look at the mac stuff or even the Naked palette and im like....so shiny....so pretty...so pricey. I've used mac shadow's before I know how super awesome they are but being a grown up and having to pay for my own things now sucks ;) My mom was super into make up so I always mooched off hers when I was a teen!	Awh my mom is clueless she can't even apply liner (or let me or my sister's do it) she keeps scrunching up her lids. She's a makeup artist's worst nightmare. But she does have a major soft spot for me (seen as I'm the baby) which does help my stash. But I agree, paying for your own stuff kills. Paying for food bothers me a lot, because like..it's something you always take for granted and it's gone after one use!
Because people either think I'm wrong or they are ignorant. I'm a producer in my spare time and can't stand this misunderstanding.	Yes, I'm more than aware of the difference:
Oda can get fucked, they always invade everyone and fuck up my city state allies. newlinechar  newlinechar Alexander gets his filthy hands over all the city states and you can't get anywhere near them. newlinechar  newlinechar Ashurbinapal can't wait to fuck you over. newlinechar  newlinechar Elizabeth is always HOSTILE for no reason. newlinechar  newlinechar Enrico is a dick, always taking my damn city states. newlinechar  newlinechar Ramesses keeps building all my wonders. newlinechar  newlinechar Napoleon backstabs all the time. newlinechar  newlinechar Hiawatha builds too many damn cities. So does Kamehameha. newlinechar  newlinechar Fuck Suleiman. newlinechar  newlinechar Fuck Maria also.	Now you know how I feel. Fuck them all. 
Im from California but I would probably love to go to college in Colorado. Out of state tuition (etc) is way too expensive for me but I visited and snowboarded for a week and I had a good ass time even though the snow was shit. Got way too unlucky. newlinechar  newlinechar I hate the heat so fucking much	I'm a Californian recently moved to Misery (sorry, Missouri!)
Take the url, copy it, paste it here.	where do i get the url from? sorry i'm just kinda lost on this
http://img268.imageshack.us/img268/8025/copyofdsc01117.jpg	What bitter bitches.
Your dad sounds amazing. I mean, I don't know why they let your uncles come over to harass you to begin with, but it sounds like he figured out what to do pretty quickly. And this is way better than a lot of parents. 	I'm at university now and a lot of my friends are from non-religious backgrounds and have little sympathy for my parents which I can understand in a way. But I would have been totally lost without my Dad. He was taking a backseat in it all because he isn't religious and doesn't have that close family around him like my Mum so I think he felt a bit isolated. But he stepped up when I needed him and it let my Mum do the same. They were a little late to the party but I'm eternally grateful that they showed up
The rubbing fingers together was a play call that they used last year too. Not really a good motion for a play call with the suspicions from the offseason, but it's not meant to be a cocky motion, or taunting the NCAA. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Calling for plays, as has been noted below. The key is that it's communication, not taunting or being cocky.  	He was doing it after successful plays with no players around. Watch the replay. He wasn't play calling. 
I'm kinda late to the conversation but have you heard of GOMAD? (Gallon of milk a day)  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I'm just starting to read in fittit and I just heard if that before reading this thread.  Has anybody tried that? What do people think since we're on the topic of dairy?	GOMAD works well, but I'd only go all out with a gallon a day if you are seriously under weight.  Most of us only need an extra 200-500 calories extra a day, and should only gain .5-1 pound a week.  Two or three extra glasses a day should be more than enough.
Where are you getting 440k employees from? Are you talking only about the corporate ones here? newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.aboutmcdonalds.com/mcd/our_company.html newlinechar  newlinechar McDonald as a whole employs around 1.8mil employees. But McDonald doesn't directly employee all of those people or pay them, the franchisers do. McDonald doesn't incur the labor costs from their individual stores around the world, the franchise owners do. newlinechar  newlinechar They take a cut from each of their 34,000 stores around the world. around 6000 of those stores McDonalds owns outright. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: newlinechar  newlinechar I found something about the stats on average McDonalds stores in America newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.burgerbusiness.com/wp-content/uploads/Janney_McD.jpg newlinechar  newlinechar Numbers might not be completely correct, but you can see how much a 50-100% in labor costs could affect it right?  newlinechar  newlinechar McDonalds corporate would probably have to lower their franchise fees they have in the form of rent, etc.. Even then, it would be a big hit. It'll all probably be a wash in the end. newlinechar  newlinechar $15/hr for fast food workers doesn't happen without some kind of government intervention, if that happened prices would simply go up for everything to compensate, or some kind of investment in higher tech.	Your number is worldwide; mine is US (both just approximate--I found other estimates, but they are in the ballpark). So just back-of-envelope, I am assuming they take all their profits worldwide and pay them out to US employees. I know that is a silly assumption--I just was looking for some way to set the profits number and employee number side by side in a way that was intuitively comparable.
It's a Monk Parakeet, they're quite common around these parts.	Ah.  newlinechar It seems very domesticated. It came right up and landed on my friend's shoulder. He seems comfortable around people,  less some biting. 
Every comment that says Manga Spoilers all I see is the word manga spoilers in blue as a link and when I click on it I get sent to a page that doesn't exist.  This shit just stated today and Reddit has been slow for me all day.  I think my RES has cancer	Do you have the subreddit style on or off?
How's Lacy looking?	I'm happy he's on our side now. This was a much nicer first game than last year. 
For number of updates, maybe, but definitely not for number of pages.	Number of updates. You think I forgot the first time we were blessed by the Homostuck? 
Why don't you guys upvote each other?	Cuz they're meanies.
We're so fortunate that the entire UK is a McDonalds. 	I see a little spot below Glasgow that needs a lot more McDonalds. newlinechar 
What's the purpose of the 'modelling light' in an alienbee strobe? Does this light actually contribute to the exposure?	The purpose of any modeling light is to help you see where and how the shadows/highlights will fall for that light. It also provides light to aid your autofocus system. newlinechar  newlinechar As far as I know, the modeling light doesn't get interrupted for strobing, so it can potentially contribute to the exposure. But that ultimately depends on your exposure settings.
Oh sweet jebus D: thank you lady &lt;3 going to miss your face around here so much. I hope you're still going to be on the other page. X	I sure will be! I'm hoping I'll be seeing yours over there too :)
It's the same with anything else, like trying to use fire tempest. It's called timing and spacial awareness. Plus it's just fun. Plus plus you can manipulate those backstab attempts to get a hit in if you time it right. 	Oh yea it's definitely fun, I've been playing around with an Artorias build myself (not entirely happy with my setup), and the Abyss is great but I can't quite get the R2H2 down right
not a problem. I am going to have to say no to trading with you, but thank you for the offer.	Alright no problem. Thanks for giving my list a check out.
Those fucking cables. I had to go buy cable #5 because it broke again.  	I finally gave up on my old ones. I ordered three 10 ft cables off amazon. As soon as they get here I'm putting the heat shrink tubing on both ends!
So at what point does everyone keep watching? 	I'll be here till the end. It's still football bro.
Damn Dick Roman!	Roman, Do you want to go bowling?
'Ma'am, could you please stop chewing for a moment? Just for a moment?'	'And seriously ma'am, this is the third time now you've dripped your gravy onto me. Please, just dip a little less, or we can get dietary to bring you a straw if you'd like.''
Go watch Star Trek: TNG season 1 finale. Listen to what Picard has to say to the Gordon Gekko surrogate. newlinechar  newlinechar The challenge is to make yourself the best human being possible, not amass as much wealth as you can, and frankly the first task is much harder and more worthy.	I am sorry but I am not really following the connection. I am not saying that we need to amass as much wealth as possible. I am just saying that despite the advances in technology most people still need to work for our society to function. I do agree that people shouldn't be motivated primarily by wealth, but that doesn't mean that they can't work. Some people have taken pay cuts to do something more meaningful and contribute more to society, but they are still in teh labor force.
Yeah, you seem really happy. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Not angry and miserable at all.	There is no way this guy is a teacher.
Why $5 per hour? That's like a third of minimum wage	If you were to make a hat and it took let's say three hours, and you'd use 8$ worth of yarn... Give yourself 12$ an hour and you have a 44$ hat. Most crocheted hats you'll find online are between 15-30$. Unless you have a very unique style or crochet really really fast it's not going to be super lucrative. I sell a some items for fun because I'd be doing it for free anyway, it's a nice sideline but its definitively not a time efficient way to make money.  newlinechar I saw earrings on etsy for 6-9$ a pair.  newlinechar Yours are really pretty btw! I really like them. 
Any tips for a male thinking about getting into this business? newlinechar  newlinechar I think I'm good enough at writing sex and coming up with variations to be successful at it. But I'm not so sure about fleshing out (so to speak) my female characters in terms of their background and motivation. I am concerned that it will be obvious that it's written by a man. newlinechar  newlinechar I assume writing under a female pseudonym would be best, but does this mean that I need a whole persona for social media? Could I get away with a gender neutral author name? newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks for your advice in all the other posts, I've learned a lot from this.	There are no hard rules, really. The worst thing that can happen is that you don't make a ton of sales and you try again.
That's not shadow text. That's whoever made the image typing the same thing twice in two different font sizes to try to mimic it. newlinechar  newlinechar All that needed to be done was to apply a stroke to the text.	I get that, I'm mainly referring to the horrible execution of it.
But reading the article there is a blurb that says newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;This study assures us that e-cigarettes are as low risk as other smoke-free tobacco and nicotine products, like smokeless tobacco and NRT. newlinechar  newlinechar The policy at UPS specifically mentions mentions other forms of smokeless tobacco. What type of lawsuit could really be sought?	It's an NRT, not a tobacco product. 
[The real captain, with the key, trying to get out so he can escape?](#spoiler)	[We didn't have the keycard to escape, right?](#spoiler)
Im not at all suggesting suppressing thought.  I am saying that every single job this person applies for, the person doing the hiring should see this post.  It would be very useful information for both potential employers and for law enforcement if this person ever decides to try to inflict their views on someone else.	And as I said, his profile is completely public.  When/if he seeks employment, this will be very quick to pop up, and he'll have a lot of doors slammed in his face.  But in no way will I seek to actively slam those doors, because I have no right to interfere in his life when I know none of the circumstances. newlinechar  newlinechar You know, you do realize what you're doing, right?  You're advocating the very thing that will happen if the NSA gets a bug up its ass--using the fact that a majority of the populace is ignorant about how the internet works to obtain information that can easily be used to shame or subjugate them.  **It is immoral to do this, and I will have no part in it.**
He's hit homeruns very low before. You cheer for those. But yet you cast stones at him when he doesn't. Good to see it's fair judgement across the board. 	You seriously can't think that was a quality swing can you? 
She could just skip a step and date Black guys.	Heh. That made me chuckle.  newlinechar  newlinechar 
76124 newlinechar 	76125
The director of *The Host* also made a third of the film *Tokyo!*, his segment being titled 'Shaking Tokyo.'  It's absolutely beautiful.  The full version of *Tokyo!* can be seen [here](http://vimeo.com/71547290) on Vimeo and 'Shaking Tokyo' is the final short in the film, but I think you can and know you should find a better quality version, because it's visually stunning.	Oh really? That's cool, I thought I had seen all of his work. I'll have to check that out, thanks :)
North Korea doesn't have any fat people. Neither did the Nazi concentration camps or Soviet gulags (not after a few months, anyway). newlinechar  newlinechar Genetics don't change fast enough for the lack of fat people to be the result of a lack of genetic conditions.	North Korea has Kim Jung un
So where would I buy that? 	I looked on eBay and it looks like they have it for $20 which is too much in my opinion. I'm not sure where else to get it though. 
And under no circumstances watch the 'sequel.'	You know, I *had* successfully forgotten that existed. newlinechar  newlinechar Oh well.
i just wish teamspeak/vent and all that was banned on esea so people were forced to communicate ingame. i know im bad at making calls ingame myself sometimes newlinechar  newlinechar also so annoying when people do .stats every other round and you can see by the way they play that is all they care about (not dropping guns for teammates is my biggest pet peeve)	Even though it bites them in the ass because lost round = 0 rws. People are stupid, it's like they play to ace every round. I think a lot people don't even understand how rws works, your team needs to be winning rounds and you need to be doing things in those rounds they are winning.
Checking in from the Philly Texas Exes watch party. Hook	'em.	Coast to coast Horns, bitches! 
Yeah, the final redemption thing at the end was very uncharacteristic for the theme if the story, which was misery, death, and more misery. newlinechar  newlinechar I was expecting a grim ending, but what we got was surprisingly cheesy 	extra cheese
Implying I don't live with my parents :/	That's why it's perfect, he won't be expecting it.
Right on. Other notable bits are the solo section of *Black Hole Sun* in 9/4, and *Never the Machine Forever* in 9/8. Soundgarden are masters of doing weird time signatures in a really natural-sounding way, unlike the more obvious and technical-sounding weird time signatures of a lot of progressive metal bands.	I know, it almost sneaks up on people because it really does sound too natural to be so bizarre.
The best I can do is a bad one; Mitt Romney has been looking for a job.	What kind of 'Mitt' is he? A pitcher's or catcher's?
brb copying and pasting GE Moore	I wonder what he counts as 'adequately answered in the book?' Because the words 'open question argument' certainly appear in the book, although it's not at all clear that the argument to which they refer is adequately addressed. At least, not to us navel-gazing, self-absorbed philosophers...
What are we making sense of? No link or pic?	I put the video in the description.
If it worked for the majority of the population, we wouldn't be in a so called obesity epidemic.	Well, it works when the individual is properly educated on the matter and effectively and consistently stays within a negative caloric intake.  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Caloric balance, not intake. 
aTm is not LSU's rival. 	Yes they are. As of next season or whatever.
16 isn't forbidden in a lot of places...	In Sweden it's 14 or 15.
[yayponies](http://yp1.pony.pp.ua/episodes.php) offers direct downloads for 1080p episodes in .mkv	thanks.
Yes I have my own insecurities we all certainly do.  I speak out against strong opinions and judgments because they can often be wrong.  People we think we can trust turn out to be the wrong person to trust.  Sometimes you write off somebody because they seem a certain way.  Or because of completely unrelated preconceived conclusions.  I am talking about finding a balance and keeping everything in perspective.  I have personally made the mistakes of judging people incorrectly and it quite frankly hurt. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Every new action I learn about from that person will sway my opinion again to get closer to the multidimensional complete picture that I build of them. newlinechar  newlinechar Isn't that the same as judging somebody based on the body of their actions just worded a lot better. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; And fwiw, I consider people posting nudes on gonewild to be exhibitionist, insecure and in need of reassurance. newlinechar  newlinechar I would say most of the post on GW suggest that.  But just not all of them necessarily.  You can be an exhibitionist and not insecure.  Some people wanna show off how great they think they are.  But those post that have titles like  'Does Reddit like big boobs I think my big boobs are ugly' or 'My boyfriend broke up with me please tell me that I am pretty' certainly suggest that they are insecure and need reassurance.  Just like every other human being on the planet.  Although I personally would not seek it in that way.	I guess we agree. newlinechar  newlinechar I just didn't like the way you seemed to discourage judgements based on single actions so I felt the need to reply. newlinechar  newlinechar Have a nice day.
Do you want two fanbases to die!?!?	Yes, I'll pick Iowa and Wisconsin, please.
For real. Can't stand him.	Hell, if there's anyone who I'd like to see get hit hard by Clowney this year...it's Manziel. newlinechar  newlinechar But then again, ESPN might just explode if that happens.
I put together a full on everything pc of my gf that cost about 1000. She had zero components. newlinechar  newlinechar My machine had HDD, case and monitor salvaged from earlier machine... got a new mobo, cpu, ram, and GPU... totally cost was something like 4-500. And that was a couple years ago. newlinechar  newlinechar The thing with a pc is that you can reuse parts, you can reuse your software like windows or whatever. You can play all your old games. Hell you can play old console games. You can build it slowly and distribute the cost of components. Then in the end there is so much free content that the TCO ends up getting you far ahead of the game compared to consoles and you aren't locked down to one ecosystem. You miss out on a couple exclusives, but you get far more exclusives than console and you can carry them with you from machine to machine. Some of the titles I've purchased even extend their licenses to my android device (love me some humble bundle)... so the software side of things is way more enticing.	Don't get me wrong. I agree with..Well, most of that..It's all up for personal opinion. and if I had the money I'd every console and a gaming rig - I still prefer playstation, though. newlinechar  newlinechar All I'm saying is, a lot of 'pc gamers', are full of shit and tend to vastly over-blow how much a difference there actually is. and you can't claim 'master race' on something that's a matter of opinion. Some people don't care about graphics, some people hate keyboard/mouse controls, and a million other things.
Cuz they're meanies.	I always upvote everyone. 
yes but will this be a feature in GTA V?  Has anyone bothered to even ask?!?!	I'll cancel my pre-order if the analog clock doesn't work.
Why the fuck was minecraft brought into it though? That's why it isn't original. I dismiss pretty much everything on youtube that has the word Minecraft in it. 	The song has stuff about minecraft. The visuals are there to add a story. It's like a music video, if you heard this song without the video you probably would have been fine with it. And once again, if you don't like minecraft stuff on youtube, then dont watch it, it's that simple.
[](/ajsoawesome)Something not completely ridiculous?	[](/kittyshy)
That sounds like a story Chris Kyle told in his book. He called his wife and in the middle of it a firefight started. She heard the entire thing until the phone died	Wow.  I keep meaning to read his book. I've heard it's pretty good. 
http://i.imgur.com/kqoEky5.jpeg	The ramen in the red packaging is REALLY good. It's super spicy. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: It's called Shin Ramyun, and you can buy it in bulk at Costco, and other Costco-like grocery receptacles.
Oh, wow.  I'll try that out, I'm about to hop into the game in a few minutes.	It honestly make ALL the difference. 
**JAYZUS** newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar **OH MY GOD, JEYZUSS CRYAIST I CANNOT HANDLE THIS RAGE.** newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar **SON OF A BITCH, GOD DAMN FUCK** newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah, that is /r/rage material.... newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Honestly.. This world needs a Super hero to deliver *petty Justice!*	It gets worse. I got three extra 3 hour detentions because some asswipe with the same name as me pulled a fire alarm in another school. They blamed because I already had detentions to serve so they thought it was me. She still has people harass me, two years later. And my dad beat the shit out of me because he's some hypocritical ass who tells others to respect women, yet he never has. And he did again when I was blamed for the fire alarm.  
The Note 2 not being covered under insurance is what I was afraid of. But getting it for $250 being a fresh refurb is too good to pass up. I'm gonna try it out for a few weeks and see if I like it better than my S4. I only want to keep one.	Like I said I could be wrong. They may still honor it. Either way that's a great deal! I have the note 2 and it's by far the best phone I've ever owned. My only issue is I broke the screen within the first month of owning it so now I have an otterbox. But I'm also pretty hard on my phones.
Thanks for not answering my question. 	First part was the answer. Second part was commentary. Thanks for paying attention. 
Seriously, Kill yourself.	Kill yourself because you stand up for Britney Spears? Lol 
It's not attempting at all. I've started the bike with the kickstand down before. 	So the bike has no kickstand safety sensor? Then check the clutch safety. Wiggle the wire around and mess with the clutch while trying to start. I ended up unplugging the sensor totally. Look online how to remove the sensor on a KLR. It's not needed and will only leave you stranded if it doesn't click right.
but he's right. but if you like this boring ass shit deathball bio gameplay/meta then continue to love this dead game unconditionally. Also flash said something similar about sc2 mech, meta &amp; terran so why didn't you shit on him too for wanting mech to be viable since he was a huge turtle mech player in bw	Not that I couldn't tell already, but you clearly don't play or watch Mech games.
Thank you! Already discovered Animals as Leaders through this subreddit, things keep getting better. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Hope you like the music.
She tried to find a *shit*?	It's not called a Shirt-lord, Shitlord.
That's not just any dildo bat, son. That 18 inch, heaving purple length of synthetic manhood is otherwise known as 'The Penetrator'.	'You're either going to love this, or it's going to kill you - there is no middle ground.'
That deserves more than a wiki page	can't blame you if you decide to use this later
The CBR should have been in 1st at that pedestrian speed, he wouldn't have needed to wait for anything then. Never ridden a CBR, but I imagine he bogged the poor motor pretty badly at that speed. Could be wrong though, haven't ridden a 600 in years.  newlinechar  newlinechar 	Yeah agreed. I definitely understand where he is coming from I LOVE lower cc bikes. Nothing like getting after it on city streets and you feel like you're flying going through the gears when really you just hit 65 or so. But it all just depends on what kind of riding you're going to do and what best suits you. There's a bike for everyone and for some a 600 inline 4 is perfect. It's not for me but that's why I ride a Ducati ;)
oh you didn't think i let the bat go unpunished did you?	Couldn't fathom that, just had to make sure it got what was due
So many variables.	One can never predict a god.
Larry David?	Hint: It's one of the three listed above.
Lol, soles and toes? 	yea ;) newlinechar 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wWuH7MIeCA newlinechar Jiffy! 00:20-00:32	Here's your GIF! newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/NpQW1ke.gif newlinechar  newlinechar _____ newlinechar ^(Hey I'm JiffyBot, I make GIFs out of YouTube links. Find out more) [^here.](http://www.reddit.com/r/JiffyBot/comments/1fvyi5/rjiffybot_information_directory/)
Sadly for future generations, if this country doesn't get it's shit together, there's going to be far more to worry about than marijuana laws.	Ya but 100 years a go WW1 would soon be upon me and 100 years before that my country was hip deep in the Napoleonic wars lets hope to fuck there is no global conflict like that for me also boy are you following me.
No need to be so upset about it buddy.	I submitted a ticket.
I don't put syrup on my pancakes, not normally. Dependent on what kind they are they each have a specific topping to go with them. Only my basic cinnamon whole grain gets syrup, and even then I don't go normal stuff. Maybe a butter pecan syrup.	Personally I'm a fan of whipped butter. If there's whipped butter on my pancakes, I don't need syrup. newlinechar  newlinechar *It's important that we clarify these kinds of things early in the friendship, lest one of us offends the other's culinary sensibilities.*
I don't want to spoil anyone's fun on any game. Good, bad, or overpriced. After all, it is my opinion based on the experience I had with it. If you were disappointed with Rise of the Triad, I advise you to be very careful with Shadow Warrior. Like you, I appreciate the older style of FPS games you mentioned, but you should not base your buying decision on one person's experience. Again, if you were disappointed by Rise of the Triad or Serious Sam 3 BFE, be careful. :) At least Rise of the Triad is priced accordingly.	The beta isn't the full game, the full game isn't out yet.
The game is in Clemson...	Sorry, I'm from Athens originally, so this is weird for me. Just moved to a new city. I'm totally with you, that's definitely how it sounded.
I AM TIRED OF NOVELTY ACCOUNTS newlinechar  newlinechar IF I WANT TO SEE SOCK PUPPETRY I'LL GO FIND SOME ON MY OWN	If you go through my history, you'll find that this is my porn account. I just thought the name was funny when I thought of it.
Just so you understand WHY this has gotten you so downvoted: Those rules exist for a reason.  newlinechar  newlinechar I get wanting to enjoy nature, which is why I take my dog to a dog park. I prefer to have her on a leash because I know she can be a grumpy ol' bitch sometimes around other dogs and that is ok so long as I can control it. What I was explaining above is that the situation becomes uncontrollable when other dogs are allowed off leash and can approach her without my (or her) consent.  newlinechar   newlinechar So yes, it does lead to myself and my dog being in harms way. Larger dogs roaming by themselves attempt to dominate her and when she reacts aggressively they sometimes respond in the same manner.  newlinechar  newlinechar She WILL snap/bite at other dogs when she gets scared, and that in turn makes them react the same way. Completely reasonable action/reaction but I'd rather her not be placed at risk for bodily harm or exposure to doggy illnesses from other people's pets. (EX I didn't realize it but for a month her rabies and other vaccines were expired. had another dog been a carrier and attacked her- and its possible for them to have been without their owner knowing if their owner was letting them off leash unsupervised often- I would just be a puddle of tears right now.)  newlinechar  newlinechar I hope that clarifies things for you. Unless you were trolling. But I'm gonna go ahead and post this just in case you're genuine. 	No I was not trolling.  I thought you were more concerned for the off leash dogs safety lest your dog get aggressive towards them.  Didn't consider how much your dog would be at risk too. newlinechar  newlinechar Have you considered obedience training, so that your dog is more submissive while under your control?
'stuck in it`s geometry' your retarded newlinechar 	Go home, 'your' drunk 
Hell, if there's anyone who I'd like to see get hit hard by Clowney this year...it's Manziel. newlinechar  newlinechar But then again, ESPN might just explode if that happens.	I'd be okay with that explosion.
You seriously can't think that was a quality swing can you? 	the point bravo is making is that strangely very few of holliday's big hits are from quality swings. he tends to hit terrible pitches very well, so it looks even worse when he fucks up.
Something along the lines of 'I feel like I could really develop some feelings for you because I find you (??? Interesting perhaps?) and if you feel the same way or would be willing to give this a chance, I'd really like to pursue it'? Cheesy, but honest and in case of realizing you don't like her you aren't even hypocritical. newlinechar  newlinechar Haha, I don't know. Just don't tell her you've been thinking of her so often, right away at least. That's something that should be saved until after you've been seeing each other for a couple months. But do mention things that you find compatible about you guys as a possible couple and what you find so alluring about her without being too descriptive. Accidentally commenting on things like eyes before meeting her in person might make it seem like you stalk her photos, even if you didn't and you just kind of glimpsed over it and it caught your eye. 	Would something along the lines of 'I'm really bummed that we never got to meet in person' be pushing it? Honestly, that is how I feel.
http://new.livestream.com/accounts/3643282/NWSLFinalWNYFFCvPTFC?query=nwsl&amp;cat=event newlinechar  newlinechar Go thorns!	Awesome thanks!! Kinda disappointed in Fox Soccer though. 
Love this	Surprisingly, I love this too. 
So the bike has no kickstand safety sensor? Then check the clutch safety. Wiggle the wire around and mess with the clutch while trying to start. I ended up unplugging the sensor totally. Look online how to remove the sensor on a KLR. It's not needed and will only leave you stranded if it doesn't click right.	Hmm. Maybe it came undone
That's awful! how long did it take to heal?	Quite a bit. I'm not sure if I tore it fully because I didn't go to the doctor until like 4 months after the fact but that's what he told me when I finally went. I narrowly escaped an MRI, I had 3 X-rays though. And I had to go through about 4 months of physical therapy. Still have some small mobility issues with my shoulder and it's been close to 3 years now. 
4chon is scaryyyyyy maaaan, ive never been there but it must be scary!! dae agree? upboat if agree xD	This.
Hodor hodor.	'Hey Hodor, what do you think of Cersei?' newlinechar  newlinechar 'Ho ..........................................dor'
.....................................................................Jeep?	Wait, what?
&gt; Early theories of motive suggested that Gale might have turned to violence in response to the breakup of Pantera, or the public dispute between Abbott and Pantera singer Phil Anselmo, but these were later ruled out by investigators [http://www.nme.com/news/pantera/21316] newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;**Gale was severely schizophrenic and had stopped taking his medication**	Schizophrenia. Not even once.  newlinechar  newlinechar Me neither. 
My only response is to change the camp names from stuff like camp Charlie to something like lilium Tiberiom or something like that and with armies try to stick to the lore more like with snipers It would make more spence to give them normal armor	Version 1.1 fixes the names, and the snipers are high ranking sharpshooters, not commonly on the battlefield so I thought it made sense. Just  like how the sub runners are low ranking so they got prime armor with no helmet.
The saga of Tom Sawyer continues.	&gt;The saga of Tom Sawyer for real niggas continues. newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY
But, but, THE computer!!! newlinechar  newlinechar There are three. newlinechar  newlinechar That one! newlinechar  newlinechar Which one? Of the three? newlinechar  newlinechar Yes! That one! newlinechar  newlinechar ... newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Must have purchased the manual my dad wrote. Frak.	My coworker told me that she has a tendency to submit a ticket for a problem, and when he goes and checks it out a minute after it was submitted, shes not there. She also schedules times to meet with IT people, and is almost never there.
Are the 12 lb lobsters any good for eating? I've been told that when they get too big they lose all their flavor, but I feel like you would know for sure.	People bought them. I'm not sure whether they enjoyed them or not. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I've never eaten a 12 lb lobster but I've been told that when they get to that size the meat is a lot tougher.
I kinda want to spend all my money and see how much it takes to fill my house..	Only seven sets in stock :'(
Is he worth dropping Owen Daniels for?	Is Daniels your only TE? If so, no way.  newlinechar  newlinechar Miller should only be added if you have another serviceable Tight End ahead of him. His benefit is that he has humongous upside at the cost of a 15th round draft pick (or Free Agent).  newlinechar  newlinechar Do you have any bench RBs or WRs? I'd ditch a RB5/6 or a WR5/6 for Miller.
Georgia-I don't know about you but I want our Cocks playing a happy Georgia, not an angry Georgia looking for revenge. I don't see UGA starting off the season 0-2. So, go dawgs! 	Don't you remember two years ago, as well? Georgia lost to Boise State, then to Carolina in a shoot-out. The Gamecocks have beaten angry Georgia teams in recent memory, on the road no less. It can be done, though I will concede that I prefer to have an undefeated SEC matchup between the hedges next week.
Just realized this is probably the closest we're gonna get to Wile E Coyote  vs the Roadrunner. 	When I was a kid, my dad (who graduated from St. Mary's) took me to a UTSA &amp; St. Mary's basketball game.  You cannot imagine my excitement when I saw the Spur's Coyote was there with Rowdy
True, but think of how much it would suck to have one of those cases, yet be mocked and told to eat healthier and exercise all the time.	Exercising and eating healthy wouldn't hurt though.
Yeah it pauses all the gameplay when you die. I was thinking that if I died, at least I could watch the flagship burn but no such luck!	Damn. I think you should still log that as a win in your mind. newlinechar  newlinechar Just imagine. The flagship is burning, the hull is breached and red from the heat, and just as you're about to FTL jump, a stray laser hits you right on a breach, breaking the ship apart. Pieces of metal fly everywhere. One of the larger chunks of broken ship, which co-incidentally was the one you were on, hits the flagship on a critical engine part, making the FTL drive overload and it all ends in a huge firey deathball of doom.
Yes they are. As of next season or whatever.	We havent played them in years besides the last 2 times LSU beat them down. Sorry, not our rival. 
A lot of the foreign things on Netflix which were dubbed now have an option for subs instead.  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: I just checked. Oldboy is in Korean with English subtitles. (US)	Oh shit, you're right. It was dubbed like 3 days ago, I remember because I was really disappointed and bitched about it on reddit. Thanks.
What's a WeeHee...?	WeeHee
I can only deal with ~~/r/politics~~ libertarians of convenience for so long.  newlinechar Seriously, the whole sub is fucking retarded when it comes to politics. 	Seriously, do we really want to make this sub an NSA circlejerk too? Most of the normal and sane subscribers left /r/politics a long time ago. The type of people left aren't really our target audience. 
http://i.imgur.com/C12dFCK.jpg	Even the URL has 'FCK' in it. Lmao
Interestingly enough, there is a PW recruit who looks a lot like Emma. There's a picture: http://images4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20100722184424/metalgear/images/3/31/Peace_walker_emma.jpg newlinechar  newlinechar So naturally, my headcanon is over-run with Huey having this Emma-alike as an assistant or something in the R&amp;D department. Perhaps she survives the end of MSF and they stay in contact. (If Huey's anything like Hal, he'd keep his friendships). So when Huey and Strangelove inevitably fall apart, she's there as a buddy at first, maybe?  newlinechar  newlinechar All that from just one stupid co-incidence, in actual fact I'm just trying to piece together such a sad story...	Yeah, I've got her as a recruit, but her name isn't Salamander. Her cooking is through the roof and she's a POW, so her stats are higher all-around than the run-of-the-mill Fulton captures.
What is this from? 	Fresh Prince of Bel Air 
context?	I really don't want it to follow me in this sub, but here is your [context.](/r/CiscoisnotCertified) newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar A few of my buddies from /r/nfl made this subreddit when I became a mod.
I sure will be! I'm hoping I'll be seeing yours over there too :)	Of course!! Need to keep up with everyone. And give you your painting and all of those good things 
We dont have accents dangit	We totally do.  Listen, I use to think the same thing when I lived there, but we definitely do not have a non-regional accent.
I put the video in the description.	Wow. That's weird. I feel like I've seen it before though. It is creepy as fuck though. 
Does that go for all their products? Ive been looking at there washer/dryers. newlinechar  newlinechar Any Miele products that don't live up to their reputation?	They used to guarantee them for 10 years. Avoid washer/dryer combo's if you can. neither job is done as well as separates and when they go wrong, they're expensive, if you still get 10 year warranty, not that important i suppose.. Miele are one of the best quality white goods manufacturers on the market. 
Relax, you've already missed several things (and will inevitably miss several more.) There's nothing you can do about it. The only question is whether or not circumstances will line up to slip through one of the cracks in a big way before you move on to another project/company. newlinechar  newlinechar And whether or not that happens is completely out of your control! So sleep tight knowing that whether or not you get promoted or fired is basically up to a series of semi-random chances!	Ahhhhhhhhhh! What's wrong with you?! I'm not going to sleep well again until I reread the hundreds of pages I've written over the last year. Ahhh! 
Interesting how just yesterday there was a whole chorus of people saying he lost credibility for even thinking about attacking without consulting Congress. newlinechar  newlinechar The man can't catch a break. 	If Congress says 'no' and he proceeds to *not* attack Syria, I think that'll actually increase his credibility with me quite a bit.
&gt;Bad~~ass~~ Dad	For smoking weed with his ***22*** year old sons?!
They say: newlinechar &gt;The issue is available now, via the App Store, Google Play, or Zinio.  newlinechar  newlinechar So I could get an issue myself off one of those?	Why, yes, you can buy and download a digital copy. I think you can. newlinechar  newlinechar Or you can subscribe and get the paper edition at your door.
Virginia tech will finish the season ranked in the top 10 you can count on that.  Beamer will fix the special teams and you can't put all the blame on Logan Thomas for his struggles.  I mean Bama is notorious for offensively good defenses.  Good luck this season guys!  Virginia tech is impressing me.	This makes me feel better 
Top right corner, what were you up to? http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lp9x2wXNmR1qlojpko1_250.gif	I always browse in incognito. newlinechar  newlinechar Besides, it's my catholic school computer. I would probably get many demerits for watching porn.
Washington: United States  newlinechar  newlinechar Liz=Elizabeth: England newlinechar  newlinechar Cath=Catherine the Great: Russia newlinechar  newlinechar Wu: China newlinechar  newlinechar Harun: Syria  newlinechar  newlinechar Chervenko decided to equate each country with their respective ruler in Civ 5.	Which makes sense. I just didn't recognise the contractions.
I dont understand if youre saying thats old, but im 21, and I seen swordfish in the theater.	And you have a crush on Jennifer Aniston?
I haven't been following NA LCS this split, is Zuna always this weak or is he having a bad day?	he usually is prtty 'weak' (well not that weak). so i guess he got a bad day added to medicore mechanics .
You can keep your magic, [I have laser beams!](http://hydra-images.cursecdn.com/dota2.gamepedia.com/4/4d/Tink_ability_laser_01.mp3) newlinechar  newlinechar [Second place runner up points go to the Omniknight hate.](http://hydra-images.cursecdn.com/dota2.gamepedia.com/8/8b/Necr_omni_07.mp3)	LOL. I have never heard that one, calling Omniknight a bitch? Wtf. lol.
Hmm... if that's true, it's a catapult, not a trebuchet.	It's just a toy version of the trebuchet. Of course it's not going to work the same.
Probably! They're crazy soft!  ;)	well thx..now im really hard ;)
If it makes you feel better, my FIL told me that my husband and I are going to hell, and later he said that when he's in heaven he hopes he forgets he has a son. Soooo, boundaries are important because bringing that nonsense into my house is NOT OKAY WITH ME. newlinechar  newlinechar He felt like he was being disrespected because I wasn't following his lead in my own house. And that's just not how life works. He isn't owed any special respect for his age or status as my husband's parent. There has to be mutual respect, or at the very least respect for decorum. newlinechar  newlinechar Don't let her act out and try to make you the bad guy. Stay calm and assertive. You've got this. 	Thank you so much! My hardest part is being assertive without being well, a complete and total bitch. I think that is part of the reason I haven't said anything to her yet because I really don't want to ruin her and my husbands relationship
I just know that if he didn't tell his parents or anyone else, he only told me. I feel like he sees me as the only person to reach out to. I agree, he does need professional help, but I'm not sure if he'd seek it out. He has a lot of pride, really too much. I think I just have to let go and hope he can turn around once he's let out of jail. And thanks for taking the time to read this and give your advice, I really do appreciate it.	You know, your personality reminds me a bit of my own. I know you want to help, believe me...but as soon as you get involved, you'll get sucked in and it may ultimately lead you to a downfall. Your head's in the right place, don't let him drag you down. It really is up to him to seek the help he needs and who knows, maybe jail will do him some good. Just don't feel guilty, ok? It's not your fault and you're not responsible for anything he does or doesn't do.
We'll see y'all in a week.	Can't wait
[The rock before breaking off](http://i.imgur.com/LhOOKne.jpg)	HOLY CRAP! newlinechar  newlinechar Good eye!!!
The whole point is to get the brand name in your (unconscious) mind. You're more likely to buy, or be interested in, something you recognize.  newlinechar  newlinechar I still hate /r/hailcorporate, but in this case, it's actually kind of reasonable.	Right, and all they had to do was find someone who looked almost exactly like the model and post it using the Reddit account of a Connecticut-based nail polish enthusiast.  newlinechar  newlinechar *IT'S THE PERFECT CRIME!*
but why not just do it in game like every other game? i dont see the point of doing it through a web browser...	It's actually faster to do it via a web browser than launching the game, logging in, refresh server list, find a server, join server. I think it's a good improvement.
You're right, acting against oppression is wrong. 	I can name 25 oppressive heads of state that the US will do nothing about *today*.
Is it nervousness or that empty bottle next to you?	&gt; from nervousness newlinechar  newlinechar 
Also, I think I see a long wire going through your positive post that you didn't clip... I had to look close up but it's dangling out the back of the post. That should be clipped.	i did not have scissors when i wrapped it... (was at work.) so used the actual posts as scissors to get the pain pieces... next wrap will definitely be cleaner.
You have a beautiful smile! Use it more often!	Thanks for making my day!
update: Doc says he totally remembers me saying that! newlinechar  newlinechar haha sounds like for once my mock outrage outshone my genuine outrage newlinechar  newlinechar no one ever notices when I'm really upset newlinechar  newlinechar (like when tribe one does his super offensive song about video games)	I take umbrage with this whole thing. My song about video games is only SLIGHTLY offensive!
On that note of having a 'buy all' to refill all your ammo at vending machines, I've always wanted to see an option where you can automatically mark all non-favorite loot in your backpack as trash and sell said loot in one or two clicks without having to go through and mark each item individually.	You can do that already..
EMH has been shunned for years now. At least since 1990	That is my point- theoretical economics produces theories that aren't actually practically correct. The EMH was widely considered valid for the better part of the last century. Behavioral Finance economics only really managed to disprove it in the '90s, like you said. There are still investors and professionals who teach it anyway, alas.
It's inconsequentially racist. Is that more clear? The vast majority of 'race' problems are no such thing, they are attempts to game the system. 	I don't think anyone could honestly believe that without being a racist. 
IdrA hit me the hardest.	I wouldn't say IdrA quit because of the scene dwindling, but more because his play was getting worse and worse and he hadn't seen any good tournaments in a long time. That, and he got fired from EG.
well, the thing is, his parents never liked me. from the beginning, when they didn't even know me. they are pretty wealthy family and I live as a tenant with my mom who's a single parent. so obviously I'm a gold digger. his mom used to humiliate me indirectly and stuff like that, but she was always pretending to like me. but after our break up and now that we're together again, she isn't even pretending. his father was always restrained but now even he's against me (I think my bf's mom has something to do with that). and I know my bf is having a hard time about all this but I feel so frustrated 'cause I tried everything only to get them to like me. I even made muffins and bought his mom flowers and cleaned their apartment. they really don't have rational reason not to like me, and now they won't even let me come in their house, it feels pretty shitty. 	 &gt; they really don't have rational reason not to like me, and now they won't even let me come in their house, it feels pretty shitty. newlinechar  newlinechar Even if they didn't, your bf **gave them the biggest one of all.** If it was an uphill battle before,  **he** validated everything they suspected for them when he lied to them about his drug dependency!  newlinechar  newlinechar Things are simply *not going to get better* the longer you keep the truth from them. At this point (think boy who cried wolf if that's a Croatian thing too) they probably wouldn't believe the truth either.
but seriously, though. fuck you guys. ha	No no! newlinechar  newlinechar You're supposed to come up with something more clever, then we go back and forth, not just echo the same sentiment.
I know we just met, but can we be friends?	GTFO BITCH
It's pronounced JORJA	Depends on if you're a Redneck or a Southerner, friend.
76125	76126
What is your favorite message from any of your songs? (Sorry if not much of a question, just wanna help the cause.)	Better than no question :)
do you have kids? newlinechar  newlinechar my kids would gladly sit with me for *hours* doing nothing if it means they dont have to go to bed	I do not, but I remember being a kid in school and the harshest thing to deal with was fighting sleepiness. I also remember how being forced to stay at the table after finishing dinner and wanting to do other stuff would make me physically uncomfortable at amazing speed.
riot is scared shit? Dota 2 might be growing but where is there even a slight evidence that riot is hurting in numbers switching over to Dota?	Honestly, there is probably alot of cross pollination. I've spent money on and enjoyed both.
*Super Bowl* MVP	What's a superbowl?
Article II Section 2.	&gt; Article II Section 2 newlinechar  newlinechar I'm not seeing it.
Geographically speaking, yes, Ireland is part of the British Isles. Politically speaking, Ireland (sans Northern Ireland) is independent of Great Britain and the Irish take great offense to being called British.	Yes! Exactly! Thank you!
I predicted the plane crash. 	Nice try, Nostradamus.
CYCLONE! 	POWER!
Attempting a mummy necromancer. Need tips because this combo is so fragile I die from rats looking at me funny.	Play a different background.
It honestly make ALL the difference. 	Sounds like it would.  When I started, I was dragging my mouse like crazy to turn enough to get a target area, just in time to watch someone pop them.
Hey Ash, watcha . . . oh, you're not her.  Suits you!	Wait who aren't I? :p
Wait, what?	lol How come I dont see it in the list? 
Why? It seems to make sense to me, you're claiming something that will cost you less and if you're lying that would cost the insurance company more. I think them having a right to prove it is fair.	I guess it's the whole fact that they have a legal reason to take your blood on a whim.  Seems like an invasion of privacy.  For example if you answered 'no' on a question of whether or not you smoke marijuana or do drugs, could they decide to give you monthly urine tests to ensure you are a profitable customer? newlinechar  newlinechar However if people read the fine print and they sign off on it, that seems more acceptable.  I have never heard of that law before.  Blood tests for nicotine.  It's kind of funny.
If the fights are beatable on the first try then it probably won't be a game for a lot of top end raiders. 	If a fight is unbeatable on first attempt, it has artificial difficulty.  The fight no longer becomes about your skill, but when and if you hit the pitfalls that kill your entire raid and there is nothing you can do about it but rez up and try again.  If this is the case, then the only difference between a top end raider and a high skilled player is that a top end raider is willing to burn a bunch of time the second a patch hits falling into pitfalls.  Personally, burning a bunch of time because the game said I don't deserve to kill a boss until it kills me once is absolutely unappealing. newlinechar  newlinechar Imagine a raid boss like a level in a hard platformer like Super Meat Boy or something.  Sure if you take your time and are cautious you can probably beat every level on your first try, but the execution required alone probably means you are going to make a mistake and have to do it over again.  Death is punishment for making mistakes in your judgement or lack of reflexes, not because you don't know the fight.  Wiping and repeating the fight can make up for poor judgement and lack of reflexes because you will have experience under your belt. newlinechar  newlinechar Basically, what you are saying top end raiders want is trial-and-error gameplay, which is generally reviled by designers and players.  It is good for neither unskilled players nor skilled players, because it emphasizes time invested rather than personal and team capability.  Properly designed challenge allows for underskilled players to use trial-and-error to learn from their mistakes and use experience to make up for their skill, while skilled players can continue progressing or focus on optimizing their strategies. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar   
Well, if it was 1997 it would probably be Couture who lost a chunk of ear instead of Holyfield. The difference is cauliflower-ear ripping open would be a lot more graphic than what happened to Evander. 	Does a ruptured cauliflower-ear explode or what? I'm imagining they explode.
Well any thing *could* kill me. But that is besides the point. There has been a lot of research done on these creatures even though they are extinct. I will even except wikipedia, really anything that is more than what may just be your guesstimation. And if they are basically turkeys than the marines will stomp. **I** could kill 60 turkeys. I also again remind you of rule number 1 on the sidebar. 'Downvoting is for namby-pamby little wieners who can't argue their own position.'	They're not just turkeys.  You're assuming that since the comparison to being the size of a Turkey that they are Turkey like, which is patently false.  They're small carnivorous, warm-blooded hunters that could move up to speeds of 40mph in short bursts that killed their prey by leaping onto their backs and eviscerating them with their claws.  Now I don't know if that's how the turkeys in your area are, but if they are, then damn, I'd say you're a badass.  
'15'......Well you are fucked and as it appears so is your future, goodluck.	While he is young, I think that's an exaggeration lol. newlinechar  newlinechar Like oh no I got drunk once looks like I'm never going to graduate and get a job and have kids 
Good christ, what did you do?	Nothing that bad, don't think I'm a crazy murderer, or rapist, or terrorist. I was charged with being part of an organized group that did stuff like bank fraud, fake documents, money laundering, contraband, and similar. newlinechar 
If you had placed some of this text in your original post the reaction would have been very different. For example how is someone to know you live in Sweden and are not a new transplant to the area who has done no research and expects the Internet to answer all their questions? It is more common than you think.	Fair point. newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah I come to that conclusion myself so no hard feelings on my part, that would probably explain the hipster thing too lol newlinechar I have had a day from hell so I wasn't so focused when I posted my question. newlinechar 
Tim Cahill's son is going to sing the National Anthem. This will be interesting.	Aaaaaannd the home of the braaaaaave.... OI! OI! OI!
That doesn't make it OK for you to be prejudiced against him about fetish. Who's side are you on?	I made a joke because for some reason he thinks it's important for every single person talking to him here to know he gets off on being a sex baby. I'm not being 'prejudiced', damn. newlinechar  newlinechar If I had a tag with 'REAL BIG DICKS AND TWINKS' I assume someone would make a joke there.
Nobel prizes for some, miniature American flags for others!	When I was young, I too dreamed of being a baseball.  But now I say:  We must move forward, not backward!  Upward, not forward!  And always twirling, twirling, twirling towards freedom!
How does a lobster tank stop working?  Like the pump stop oxygenating the water, are they heated or cooled, or is there other magical stuff in a lobster tank that keeps them alive that I don't know about?	I don't know the specifics but it had something to do with the power supply cutting out. It happened overnight, so when we came in to work in the morning the pumps had been off for hours. The water had warmed up and most of the lobsters were dead.
[](/kittyshy)	[](/honesty 'If you were to describe that emote it would sound like a forgotten beast.')That's adorable.
Well, back to TV dinners.	That's what I usually eat days I have class. newlinechar  newlinechar Also happy cake day.
You know the rebels were the ones with the chemical weapons right? They were provided by the Saudis with funding by the US.	And the proof of this is...?   newlinechar  newlinechar And that changes the goals of a series of air strikes how...?  newlinechar  newlinechar Whether its Assad or the Rebels, the weapons get taken out and then they go back to what they were doing before.
BLAND PREDICTION: Anyone with a Denver RB this year is going to be frustrated with their situation at some point.	Pretty much. I just sold some what high on Hillman and traded him for Michael Floyd.
The chance of complication is far lower then that of being beaten with a baton.  Even the most ardent anti-taser activist would have to admit that.	The chance of getting killed by a taser is indeed far lower than the chance of getting a bone broken. newlinechar  newlinechar But being dead is far worse, (and less repairable), than having a broken bone. newlinechar  newlinechar Just as important is the fact that how likely it is that a tasering will be fatal is not something an officer can reasonably be expected to predict.  Nor can a suspect reduce that risk after he has been tasered by complying with officers. newlinechar  newlinechar By contrast, it's much easier to judge how likely it is that a suspect will be badly injured because it generally increases with the length and severity of the beating.  And of course a suspect can always become compliant and end all risk of further injury. newlinechar  newlinechar ************************** newlinechar The point is simply that dismissing a tasering as a 'short term event' is to be willfully blind to the dangers posed by tasers.  newlinechar  newlinechar And that's not even getting into the possibility that tasers will be used more often than truncheons would be because they're simply easier.  There's a distinct possibility that the taser option makes a talk-down less likely.
I think you are correct, newlinechar  newlinechar History can only be re written so far though and we have a lot of data to work with. newlinechar  newlinechar Never really understood all the hate towards the greens, I have never been a greens voter but I don't see what is so wrong with them.	The press unfortunately holds a lot of power though, as they've displayed by touting Abbott despite the many and varied flaws in his policies. We're already looking at huge issues with regards to livability and most of the public (if we believe the polls) still believe that all the corporate designed policies will still help them.
oh my god for a second I thought that beer one was actually part of the broadcast	lol I thought that at the beginning when he aired the 'Please enjoy the film', but when it started kicking babies and prohibiting masturbation, I was like HEY WAIT! lol
What you did there? I see it. newlinechar  newlinechar Source: I'm a father and have seen the aftermath of child birth.	No me gusta!
Are you arguing that Eisenhower was a coconspirator in the industrial complex? In which case it seems very odd that his farewell address was a warning against the dangers of the military industrial complex.	No no no...by 'the powers that were' I meant the CIA and Joint Chiefs for the most part.
I'm a Californian recently moved to Misery (sorry, Missouri!)	I cannot fathom why you would leave California for Missouri? 
Can I ask, what is the advantage at night? Like are you sitting in a dark room staring at a bright screen? Do people do that? I've never used a computer at night without the lights  on	I believe computer screens are designed to emit light similar to the sun, so at night time our brains are releasing hormones telling our body to stay awake and such, which can lead to an unhealthy sleep. newlinechar  newlinechar I use the computer with dim lighting at night.
Yeah but around here people just shout 'moar boosters' like its the be all end all of advice.	&gt;molar boosters newlinechar  newlinechar Having 6.022 x 10^23 boosters is always a good idea
Charge it. *duh* Also, just play with him if he wants to. 	No fucking way dude, makes too much sense
Don't know if OP's username had a hand in this...	I'll never tell. ;)
Sorry but I don't think that his entire post is invalid and worthless because in his opinion something was done badly. newlinechar  newlinechar He can frame his argument however he wants, and his opinions are obviously different from yours, but you don't have to throw the baby out with the bathwater. newlinechar  newlinechar It's subjective. Rather than try to tear this to shreds why not contribute something constructive by posting your own article on depth of field so we can have more diversity of opinion.	I never said that his post was invalid. I said that he made a terrible argument. Those are two different things.  newlinechar  newlinechar I ascertained that he framed his argument poorly by looking through his comments. It wasn't that he was wrong, it's that his initial argument didn't appear to accurately convey his point of view. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: As to your other point, I wouldn't make a post like this because I think that this point is pointless. What it boils down to is, basically, if the shot looks how the director intended it to, it works, and if it doesn't, it didn't. 
To less literate people, those are Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Magic Johnson	I don't think literacy has anything to do with knowing somebody's ~~real~~ birth name...
Ultimate raid food: Take ramen package in bag lick one side. Sprinkle seasoning in bag. Shake well.  newlinechar  newlinechar Eat as is	Like one side?
I don't know but if you have ever fired a shotgun you aren't thrown backwards either.  Newton's third law.	It's like the gif of the woman firing a Desert Eagle, her body is pretty much still but her arms just fold as the gun is pushed back into her face.
Because it belonged to Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen.	He was #1
MDMA is a hell of a drug.  	Touche 
Oh hell no. When I was younger, my mum would tell me that he really doesn't mean what he says, and that he does love us under all of that anger. I realized that if he truly did love us or about the wellbeing of the family, he would take measures to control his outbursts. I've recognized now that my mother is fine with him treating her like this, whether it's due to codependency, cultural reasons, or something else. I really don't tolerate any sort of injustice like that, which is why I always intervened when I thought he was being wrong and harsh towards her. I've seen that he has no intentions to change, nor does he care for how me or my mother are affected from his outbursts (he knows I became really depressed and started having suicidal thoughts, but his general attitude has been to tell me to stop being so sensitive). I don't want to rekindle any relationship with him once I move. Once I am financially independent and have a stable income, I want to pay back all the money he's ever spent on me and never look back. 	I wouldn't even bother paying him back. Fuck all that. newlinechar  newlinechar You've done your time. Now it's time to leave and forget he existed.
Don't you remember two years ago, as well? Georgia lost to Boise State, then to Carolina in a shoot-out. The Gamecocks have beaten angry Georgia teams in recent memory, on the road no less. It can be done, though I will concede that I prefer to have an undefeated SEC matchup between the hedges next week.	Exactly. We could maybe do it but we're playing at their home stadium and I'd like for them to be floating high on a Clemson win when we venture into Athens. I do know our streak against UGA and I want the best circumstances possible to beat them. 
Pretty easy to guess. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.reddit.com/r/ZettaiRyouiki/wiki/index	Well I had no idea reddit had built in wiki functions so I guess TIL. 
Nice obscure Chess reference. 	The drink in a bag, man... Thailand. 
As everyone else in this thread have pointed out, Cushing's is very rare...	Rare as it may be, it is still more common than any other medical disorder that can cause weight gain as a symptom with the exception of thyroid related conditions. 
:(	I am anti-jones so I enjoy it
[](/spikenervous) In other words... yes we will go in, and you know all the reasons we're here. That was easy.	[](/swordlie) Huh, well that was easier than I expected. But I don't understand why you would want to come for the Celestial Academy in the first place. The less involvement with that place the better, in my opinion.
You mean like this? newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Blue is the colour of the clear sky and the deep sea.[2] On the optical spectrum, blue is located between violet and green.[3] newlinechar Surveys in the U.S. and Europe show that blue is the colour most commonly associated with harmony, faithfulness, and confidence. In U.S. and European publc opinion polls it is overwhelmingly the most popular colour, chosen by almost half of both men and women as their favourite colour. [4] It is also commonly associated with the sky, the sea, and sometimes with sadness.	That's just association of the colour, rather than actually *describing* what it is.
Who does he suffer the most against?	Compared to other characters, he doesn't have a match where he suffers badly. Bison kills him slightly more often though. newlinechar  newlinechar He is less favored than most of the cast in 1 on 1 matchups, but if you aren't tournament level this is *literally meaningless*
Off topic but this is the first time I've seen the world map not displayed as you would usually see it on a real world map (Asia in the east, Murica in the west).	That's what happens when you save the game and load it. The map resets itself.
https://twitter.com/clipperdarrell/statuses/373912153230565376 for those who want to cut out the middle man. newlinechar  newlinechar -lil B	Well, clicking on the link and then reading the tweet is 1 click...or clicking on the comments button and then clicking on your tweet link is 2 clicks...so isnt his link technically the middle man?
Browsing reddit.	Ah, same here, right now I'm at TIL.
He renegaded Earl twice on one album. newlinechar  newlinechar Well, I guess that's not *that* impressive since Earl got renegaded by every feature on Doris.	Nah. Earl murdered Centurion. 
vOv, you dyed your hair?   newlinechar Look whose *alternative* here!	I dyed it black to go against the status quo! I AM SO EDGY.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar ....*I work in an office.* 
Consistently through elementary school and a little bit in high school.	you cheating little bastard, did you snuggle that cake up there too?
I'll tell you why not: because it's about 150° outside in Austin right now.	Oh. It's about 80 here in orange county (cali). So I'll just shut up now
The mongol kill numbers are pure conjecture. It's bullshit. It is physically impossible for the mongols to have killed that many people. You don't kill millions of people with bows and arrows. 	You do with starvation and plagues, things that the Mongols used. 
Interesting .,. Please explain	Leaks: Reddit is practically wanting to have Snowden's children. The pedestal he is on is sky-high, and nauseating. He 'rose up' against the government, and disclosed stuff we didn't know was going on. Government bad! newlinechar  newlinechar Syria: You've really got to ask yourself, 'Just because we *can* get involved/lead the way, does that mean we *have to* ***every damn time the opportunity presents itself***?'
If it doesn't detract from anything at all, what does it matter if someone wants to pay to cheat?	If its competitive I care. Otherwise I don't 
I read 'Shitty crowds after weather delays almost universally suck.'	Well I'm sure those do too. :)
Hey thanks for the honest and constructive critique. There's still A LOT I need to learn when it comes to story telling. newlinechar  newlinechar Didn't help that I was super rushed with this (didn't start writing till ~5:35) but excuses... newlinechar  newlinechar Anyways, tanks again. Hopefully the next one will be better!	no problem, i enjoy giving feedback. if you ever want to talk more, feel free to PM me.
Hmm, that's odd. If anything, I'd think they'd become obsolete with Satellites, since that reveals the entire map. However, by that time, you've probably found pretty much everything and everyone, so it doesn't matter much...	That was my immediate thought. Satellites makes a lot more sense.
Pretty sure the boards are oak, not sure about the gears. I know cherry, oak and walnut were commonly used back then.	Either way, beautiful
I genuinely lol'd at this. In public no less. Yeah I suppose it's a tad amusing in that 'let's be immature for kicks', kinda way that you might enjoy while out /w our buddies. It is probably a nonstarter for most women however.	When I told my friend about this, I also came up with NakedAndCrying. newlinechar  newlinechar I need a dating site based around terrible usernames.
Sue her for defamation and lost wages. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit for clarification: If a potential employer looks into your past employment and finds out that you were fired for what they most likely put down as sexual harassment, you will not be hired. She has potentially ruined your life with a lie.	This is a really good point, please do this 
4 hours isn't a speed run. It's not even a new game run. Title should be slow crawl. 	How fast is a speed run?
For us non Jews, schlimazel means what?  Laughingstock? 	Person you pour soup on. 
At the staples center? Unlikely.	:( I know at least one person from RPI coming. Figured a few more dedicated fans would try :)
Why do you think they didn't film? Was is because they wanted people to witness the live shows themselves rather than watch them on a screen?  Led Zeppelin had a similar approach with their touring as well. It's unfortunate because I would love to see concert footage of them during 1974 when they played Shine On, Raving and Drooling, You've Got to Be Crazy, and all of Dark Side.	Man, I feel you on that one. I honestly have no clue. I hope that maybe Gilmour or Waters just have crystal clear quality films of their performances hidden away, but who knows. What I do know, is that Waters does have professionally shot footage of one of their shows at Earl's Court during The Wall tour. I hope he does release that, it would be amazing.
where do i get the url from? sorry i'm just kinda lost on this	You put your cursor over the photo (if it's online), you right click, and then you go down to 'copy image url'
As amazing as it is, it kinda makes you wonder how we would manage fully evacuating a big city like NY in the event of a major catastrophe in even a remotely timely manner.	Manhattan and the 5 boroughs contain something like 12 million people - That would take something like 2 weeks to evacuate even if you knew something was coming. From Ready go, to Done. Not to mention the logistics of setting up an evacuation of 12 million beforehand. 
ITT: People who didn't watch but downvoted anyway.	avilo has a very bad reputation to make up for. Personally I think almost beyond saving.
Pay no mind to the nerd. He doesn't belong here anyhow.	Hey you leave the Tech schools alone.
Gorg roommate. 	Hahaha that's me :) and her doggy
Sometimes there's no hope for people. I see stories like this across my news feed, sometimes I'll comment, most of the time I won't. newlinechar  newlinechar I would suggest you pick your battles. Not every post he shares is going to be as vague as this and will be really, really easy to debunk on your own.	You are correct, but I am petty and expect a lot more out of him.
Villagers/Villages need an update badly. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Villages always spawn with messed up features. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;The buildings in them got extremely boring to look at. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Villagers are idiots. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;They don't do anything... newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;besides trading, which is nearly useless, except to get Chainmail Armor and Enchanting Bottles.	And it's so much better to get chain from rare drops (just make a skelly/zombie xp farm, and you get tons of mob armor)
We could definitely use some voting reform! I am personally in favor of [range voting](http://rangevoting.org/). I believe it is the best system and is better than [instant runoff](http://rangevoting.org/IrvExec.html). Please take a minute and read up on it! I will subscribe to your subreddit to help get the discussion going on reform.	Thanks, I'll definitely read up on it and send you a message, later!
I'm ~150lb and I was thinking of getting a 157cm board. 	That seems about right, maybe a tad smaller like a 155 or 156.
I live by the code of the 'Parenutitarians.' But I'm not strict - I still scratch if it itches.	I must ask, what is that?
Civ themed dreams. Not great. 	Oh I know this one and it is freaky, I just couldn't go to sleep the first day I got this game.
I have a pet dog - if she couldn't break into a chicken pen to kill them, she could scare them to death chasing them back and forth (this has happened to a lot of chicken owners that I know)	I have a dog as well, if you train them not to go near the chickens or even not to hurt them then it's fine. It take a bit but can be done.
Well, if you're going to throw out the context of my words when you criticize me, I can give you far better to work with than that. newlinechar  newlinechar Anyone who thinks **the Nazis weren't that bad** needs to have their head examined. newlinechar  newlinechar You're welcome.	I'm not criticizing you, and the context is irrelevant. I'm not referring to the message that you are trying to portray AT ALL. What I'm referring to is how the words looked. This has NOTHING to do with what the words actually mean. I looked at a group of words, and at first, I thought those words were different words.
Congratulations!	Is this one of those rare times when you're being serious?
Ain't your mind, dummy, it's your spirit! Duh!	Oh, well, *that's* completely different then.
http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/terrible_mistake_game_of_thrones.gif	Anything else you will immediately regret asking because I will give you as honest of an answer as I possibly can?
On paper Dikembe might still make it. His personality and humanitarianism make me want him there regardless.	I'd be very surprised if Dikembe didn't make it.
He comes off as a bit of a dick to me, pulling tricks like that at the very end of the game when his team is up 3-0. 	Well two things. newlinechar 1. It´s at home next to the north stand so why not put on a show if the game is already won. newlinechar 2. I think he will be a free agent in two months this wont hurt his chances of getting to play in a higher league.
It's not called a Shirt-lord, Shitlord.	What if a shitlord runs a shirt business?
Today you fucked up maybe tomorrow you can make it better. Words mean shit give her some money  and don't say it is awkward, it may be awkward for you to revisit your vile behavior. BUt she will greatly appreciate it. 	I'm swinging by tomorrow so I will give her the money she wants, if she wants any at all. I understand I fucked up. 
Thanks a lot.  I'll have to ponder Brees more.	No problem, good luck.
Of course!! Need to keep up with everyone. And give you your painting and all of those good things 	I'm excited about the painting!!! 
Frankly I don't understand this hate of pointing out/looking for fallacies. If there's one or more in your argument, you messed up, at the very least by adding unnecessary information, and often by the argument itself being bad. 	You could read my post above. It explains why pointing out fallacies is a waste of time. That would help you understand what you currently do not.
http://i.imgur.com/1fiin.gif	Best use of this gif, ever. 
Neurotypical children can be taught not to run off but there is a subset of autistic children who are 'runners', who do not learn to stay with their parents.  Leashing may be for their own safety.  It is best not to judge if you don't know the situation.	I can judge based on the fact I have seen a bazillion non autistic kids run away from their parents.
Tipped jobs often pay less than minimum wage. It's a chicken/egg problem, but when you don't tip someone, you could be digging into their rent/food money.	tipped jobs are still subject to Ontario minimum wage law. only in the States tipped and untipped jobs have differentiated minimum wages. lots of people dont know that and thusly overtip by applying the US standard amount.
Guess I'll root for Clemson because FUCK YOU. 	That's some quality hate.
Tyrion douchy? I don't think so, not when it's not warranted. He's one of my favorite characters in the series!!!  newlinechar  newlinechar For me, I would fuck Jon Snow, kill Robb Stark (he's dreadfully boring), and marry Tyrion (you don't have to fuck someone you're marrying). I'd let him bang his whores all he wants, he'd be fun to hang out with and converse with - he's never boring. Aaand he would be fine with my fucking his whores so, everyone wins. 	Eh. I stopped liking him after the last conversation he had with Jaime at this point (I'm in the middle of ADWD) but that's just me, to each his own.
The ramen in the red packaging is REALLY good. It's super spicy. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: It's called Shin Ramyun, and you can buy it in bulk at Costco, and other Costco-like grocery receptacles.	I can't hang. Eating Shin Ramyun was like Satan himself taking a steaming hot shit in my mouth. 
Wow, really? I had no idea! I'll definitely consider looking into it :)	Definitely measure yourself.  [These](http://www.brabandproject.com/gallery/search?band=32&amp;cup=DD&amp;age=&amp;brand=&amp;sister_sizes=0&amp;search=Search) are properly fitting 32DDs.   newlinechar  newlinechar It looks like the underwire is not sitting in the inframammary fold (i.e. directly below the breast) and that the gore is possibly not tacking.  Also, the bra should fit on the loosest hooks when you buy it (then you move to the tighter hooks as the elastic stretches out over many wears). newlinechar  newlinechar IMO you need a smaller band and larger cup.
I got this game yesterday and I have come across a lot of dicks that just yell at me instead of helping me and that makes the game not enjoyable for me.	Try joining the steam group /r/paydaytheheistonline. There are a lot of people who play, just message one of 'em and I'm sure they would be happy to show you the ropes. The subreddit is worth checking out too.
I'm the same way.   I'm about 20 lbs underweight and people talk about it all the time.   I know they don't mean anything by it, but it gets old explaining that you do eat and aren't smoking crack a half dozen or more times a day! 	Yeah the funny thing as somebody that's always been underweight myself, just like fat people way underestimate their caloric intake, underweight people way overestimate the amount of calories they get per day (but just can't seem to gain weight). It's hard but if you want to gain weight, you have to actually force feed yourself and eventually it will get easier. I did it, and the bodyweight is much easier to maintain than to gain. Also pick things up and put them down. 
And you thought German was a stern-sounding language already...	It's not just the language. It's the fact that Daleks resemble the Nazi Germans in an incredible way -- they're perfect racists, their 'arms' are more or less stuck in a nazi greeting, and so on and so forth. The only thing missing was the German language. Well, there you have it.
Lol, danke mein Brüder!  I had a feeling it would be cheesy, but thought there might be a chance it could be cute. newlinechar  newlinechar Question: since 'wenn' puts the verb at the end in the 1st and 3rd sentences, it kinda ruins my rhyming scheme.  Is there another word besides 'wenn' I could use to make it work? newlinechar  newlinechar Edit to answer your edits: newlinechar  newlinechar 1: Yes, punctuation is missing.  Tut mir leid.  You guessed it right though with your corrections. newlinechar  newlinechar 2: If I were to translate this back to English: newlinechar  newlinechar When the weather is beautiful I want to wander around the world. newlinechar  newlinechar When the leaves are green there is so much to do. newlinechar  newlinechar This year we are all together.  This pleases me. newlinechar  newlinechar This year we are happy. newlinechar  newlinechar This year we are all together, that I know. newlinechar  newlinechar This year we are happy. newlinechar 	You can change the 2 line into 'Wenn das Wetter ist so schön' and 'Wenn die Blätter sind so grün'. It even makes them sound more poetic and puts more stress on 'schön' and 'grün'. German sentence structure is quite flexible in that way: newlinechar  newlinechar http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German_sentence_structure
Retired as O-5 4 years ago.	It may change but for now there will be no boots on the ground.  
Oh, well, *that's* completely different then.	Dude. So different.
&gt; across Christianity, those are the ones losing members, whereas the Pentecostals and Catholics are the ones gaining. newlinechar  newlinechar That's the bottom line, isn't it? I would add one more group that is gaining - non-denominational 'Bible Church' type congregations.	Unfortunately, finding membership/attendance data for non-denoms is hard since there is no central agency to provide statistics for their congregation(s).. So the closest ones you can probably use are Nazarines, Assemblies of God, and Church of God - and they're all growing really, really fast. 
Very nice all ace of spades? Or what strains?	The three biggest ones are ace of spades, the rest of them could be one of six different strains so I really don't know lol. It came in a jar from a grower and was a mix of six different strains. Pineapple express, lemon skunk, purple pineberry, sour kush, rock lock, and snow berry.
It'll be on MyVLT tomorrow night	Ok, thanks man. 
He's a sheep in wolves clothing. 	Well put.
Here ya go. I am getting better I think http://i.imgur.com/Mmqe7hu.png?1?3705	Thanks! :) 
I wasn't trying to insult you, I was just trying to say in a more subtle and funny way that it's easier for people like me to enjoy things, without being annoyed by small details.  newlinechar I did find what you said rather interesting, so there's that.  newlinechar I'm probably just a little tired by all the people on TWcenter or whatever who jump on every single inaccuracy Rome II has, such as having gladiators in it, forgetting that Rome II is a game, not a history textbook.  newlinechar I wonder if that has anything to do with the shortage of history inspired films such as Gladiator or Braveheart or Kingdom of Heaven.	Well....trying to compare Gladiator or Braveheart to Rome is just insulting to Rome. Seriously, Rome has minor things to nitpick - the most major would probably be them saying that Caesar was a consul at the same time as Pompey. Gladiator and Braveheart are just...wrong. In SO many ways. As I tell people, they're great films, just don't expect to learn any history whatsoever from them. Hence the reason why I consider Rome to be infinitely better than either of them :P Hell, Kingdom of Heaven wasn't half bad either, if you watch the director's cut. But Gladiator/Braveheart/The Patriot....*shudder* newlinechar  newlinechar The biggest issue is that, despite the fact that these films use Hollywood license VERY liberally, they still claim to have 'historian consultants.' That leads to people taking them seriously. People taking them seriously leads to misconceptions all OVER the place, which leads to people thinking they know more about history than historians, which causes bad education to happen. You wouldn't imagine how many times I've had people tell me *in person*, completely believing what they were saying, that 300 was pretty accurate, sans the monsters.  newlinechar  newlinechar Personally, I can't wait for Rome II to come out - as you said, it's a game and I'm not pushing perfect accuracy on that ;) It's the misconceptions that SPAWN from that that I try to fix as much as I can :) Does that make more sense? (We actually had a question over at /r/askhistorians yesterday about whether or not gladiators were used in battle that I never got the chance to answer. Hmm....) 
I don't have a problem with it. E-Cigarettes are undoubtedly better for you than analog. They can also be used as a method of quitting nicotine use all together. But that doesn't mean that they have no health impact. And we're still in early days of both understanding and regulation of them. I think it is fair for e-cigarettes to be considered at least the same as other forms of nicotine use at least until we can get some peer reviewed, conclusive studies.	Oh sure, like patches and gum, which are conspicuously nowhere to be found in that list...
Wow. That's weird. I feel like I've seen it before though. It is creepy as fuck though. 	Me too! I remember that I saw it like many years ago with another name. In the comments they say something bout a possesed dog and I remember something bout a dog though.
I guess its personal judgment, but I think of 'cat butt' as happening after a blowout, a traumatic event or rushed stretching. If you have taken care of your ears, and continue to, I don't think you should be worrying. 	Thank you. Makes me feel better. Still downsizing due to paranoia but I guess it's better to be safe than sorry.
So listen, if one was to go to there local shop and buy up every copy of the paper, it would only cost ~$40, the shop owner would be happy because he's making his share, but the viewership would be zero. If lots of people went to their local shop and bought up all the papers then the paper would be fucked. Who would advertise with a paper with zero readership? It would take 3 days before everyone pulled out. 	What? But you bought all the papers? They got their money and now the newsagent is going to order more the next day because he sold out. How is that a win for anyone?
He's saying 'don't be a dick'. You're entitled to your opinion, but not entitled to give it in an abrasive way.	Thanks for that clarification. You worded it better than I would have!
It's a unique situation, for sure. Generally, though, the best thing you can do is be a model tenant. You've been given keys and have a record of cheques (which I assume your landlady has been depositing). If this ever gets escalated, you have pretty hard evidence that a verbal agreement has been reached. Keep pressuring for the paperwork, but I'd keep paying, too. Tenants that withhold rent as leverage open themselves up to he-said-she-said situations with the Régie. 	I'm not *trying* to withhold payment. I should have worded things differently in the original post - I am a bit stressed and may sound more resentful/uncooperative than I am. I have emailed her telling her I have not yet paid because I do not know how she wants me to go about it. I told her I want to pay my rent and clear things up but I cannot pay her if she doesn't even tell me where to go or how to pay. She has my deposit for July and I told her I have money ready to be given to her for August and September the moment she tells me what I need to do to pay her.
I meant the white node 	oh it was just something about the cockpit
Honestly I hate cp3 and I'm being a biased bulls fan. It's bad reasoning but that's newlinechar Just me. I'd take rose of him 	Fair enough
Sydney Swans have a strong supporter base in Melbourne being ex-South Melbourne.  When Fremantle begin to have a strong Victorian base then perhaps a reconsideration of a venue would suffice. newlinechar  newlinechar The AFL are giving every opportunity for a balanced amount of supporters to watch the game with regards to ticketing, and MCC Members.  It's not all that bad.  Geelong are beatable at KP.	I understand the logic, if the comp was fair then the attendances would be secondary to the equal treatment of clubs. Either everyone would have to play at Skilled or no one would. But I'm not knew to the AFL, I understand that all they care about is $$$.
Couldn't the 'coming of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ in the flesh' also mean his resurrection, instead of his birth? I was never clear on if April 6th was supposed to be his birthday or the day he was resurrected.	[Why do we not have both?](http://i.imgur.com/c7NJRa2.gif)
Ha! Half Native American and half United Empire Loyalist--beat you! 	I can't hear you over my manifest destiny.
I am impressed yet you have much to learn; Marmite shall never expire.	Well in that case it will out live me, lol. I'll pass it down the family line.
this isn't agricultural per se, but in the UK the dairy industry receives huge government subsidies because Tesco, Co-op ect all pay farmers less per gallon than it cost's to produce, I'm not sure how it got that way but it seems like insanity and i myself don't understand how/why that works but it is the situation here anyway. I will try and remember the documentary i learned that in.	'The row centres on the 'farm gate' price paid to Britain's 14,500 dairy farmers, most of whom will, from 1 August, receive just 25p a litre for the milk they produce compared with around 30p before. The price cut will force many into bankruptcy, warns the Royal Association of British Dairy Farmers, which along with the National Farmers Union and Farmers For Action say that 30p a litre is the minimum price that producers can survive on.' newlinechar  newlinechar taken from this articlehttp://www.theguardian.com/money/2012/jul/27/dairy-farmers-milk
Oh, I sound amazing. The lyrics however...	'Na na naaaa la shdsfjb da dee da hafsfsd'
Counting calories is pointless regardless. Sticking to the simple calorie count is just being simple minded, and helps propogate harmful misinformation.	2000 calorie a day diet of soda or a 2000 calorie diet a day of protein, fats and carbs, ALL TH SAME right?
Didn't they have to put an age limit on that because someone tried to safety surrender her 13 year old daughter? I cannot imagine the pain that caused the kid.  	The Safely Surrendered Baby Law responds to the increasing number of newborn infant deaths due to abandonment in unsafe locations. First created in January 2001, the Safely Surrendered Baby Law was signed permanently into state law in January 2006. The law?s intent is to save lives of newborn infants at risk of abandonment by encouraging parents or persons with lawful custody to safely surrender the infant within 72 hours of birth, with no questions asked.
People bought them. I'm not sure whether they enjoyed them or not. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I've never eaten a 12 lb lobster but I've been told that when they get to that size the meat is a lot tougher.	Okay, thanks!
Loads of my friends did that too! (Do we know each other? I bet we do somehow! :p)	You never know!
Besides, it's not like once the youtuber calls them, their number is deleted from twitter. They probably still got a legitimate phone call from aaron.	I posted my number. Nobody called me, I was ready for the prank callers, also. Was going to prank the prankers.
yoo why is the thumbnail a totally rando drawing.. if you click it, i believe it should direct you to the actual painting. eggh.	I think it looks like you posted to an album and not the original image. Try using http://i.imgur.com/5AAs1X3.jpg as your link instead and it should work.
There are trees... everywhere.	http://hydra-images.cursecdn.com/dota2.gamepedia.com/c/cc/Timb_respawn_08.mp3
For smoking weed with his ***22*** year old sons?!	Ohhh, that's not two 2-year old sons?! 
Ya but 100 years a go WW1 would soon be upon me and 100 years before that my country was hip deep in the Napoleonic wars lets hope to fuck there is no global conflict like that for me also boy are you following me.	Sorry, am I? Haha. It's all coincidental I had no idea since I'm on mobile and rarely check the usernames unless pertinent.
This thread made me go tell my dad and mom how proud of them I am and it made my mom cry. I feel all strange inside 0_0 	Aw, I think that's actually really sweet...:-). I'm glad you called them!
BAN ZAC! newlinechar  newlinechar Don't ask why, just do it ;-;	TELL ME YOU SICK FLUX, TELL ME WHAT YOU KNOW!
Damn. I think you should still log that as a win in your mind. newlinechar  newlinechar Just imagine. The flagship is burning, the hull is breached and red from the heat, and just as you're about to FTL jump, a stray laser hits you right on a breach, breaking the ship apart. Pieces of metal fly everywhere. One of the larger chunks of broken ship, which co-incidentally was the one you were on, hits the flagship on a critical engine part, making the FTL drive overload and it all ends in a huge firey deathball of doom.	Haha yeah, I would've preferred to have been able to get one more shot off into it to finish it, but with the condition it was in I can at least imagine that my defeat finished it off or left it in a state of total disrepair that the rebellion cannot salvage.
Sorry, but how do you make several rows? I've been confused as heck with this. Thanks in advance. 	you need to hit esc to open the options menus, character customization will have it.  i recommend sifting through all these slowly and customizing your whole UI with this.  You can adjust a whole lot of things with these menus such as who you can click target, who you can tab target, and can adjust both of these based on in and out of combat.   newlinechar  newlinechar Also the HUD layout button will allow you can change the position of all your windows.  Ctrl+home will allow you to resize them, cycling between small, medium, and large.
So why are you watching this game? You have been extra obnoxious this evening. 	I honestly don't fucking know anymore
Suspicion of a crime being commited is reasonable grounds for an investigation.  I'm really not sure why this is a difficult concept to grasp.	Then why do warrants, exigent circumstances, and plain view doctrine exist?  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: you do understand that the officers admitted to OP that the fire Marshall was with them to gain entry into areas they couldn't otherwise go; and that the reason given for entry (the tarps) were probably not against fire code?  This is not investigation, it's shitting on the fourth amendment. And that one day law enforcement might use this same method to enter your home for shits and giggles. 
what kind of knock out was it?	http://cdn0.sbnation.com/fan_shot_images/89244/209651u.gif
My mom just said that, literally 15 minutes ago. I replied with, 'If you don't want a smart-ass answer, then don't ask condescending rhetorical questions.'	I'm going to use this. Cheers
When I'm driving, unless it's a big deer I'm running that shit over.	Or a moose. Definitely try to avoid a moose.
I'd suggest a gentle brushing instead, cloth tends to stick in solder points. newlinechar  newlinechar 	This. Something like a make-up/fingerprint brush work very well.
He owes child support so he can't get a passport. He's not going anywhere for a while. 	Doesn't mean he can't escape. Just ask all the immigrants that have ever entered a country without a passport.
Ahhhhhhhhhh! What's wrong with you?! I'm not going to sleep well again until I reread the hundreds of pages I've written over the last year. Ahhh! 	Okay, don't listen to him. I looked over your stuff and it's all perfect. Really. Don't worry.
Plenty of people oppose Obama from the left.  He might as well be a moderate Republican, he's to the right of Nixon for heaven's sake.  It's just more of 'look at me, I'm a cooperative guy!!' getting trolled every other day. newlinechar 	I'd like to meet these people because all of my democrat friends voted for Obama a second time thinking he was going to change things around.
Yes one good defensive play decides who wins a matchup against megatron. He immediately stops trying once someone makes a play against him /s	I never said that was the ONLY thing Cook did, just the most memorable. For a secondary that was as bad as the Vikings, someone not requiring safety help on Megatron is awesome. newlinechar  newlinechar [Also, I believe this is the game I'm thinking of. Megatron had 6 catches for 56 yards and no touchdowns.](http://espn.go.com/nfl/boxscore?gameId=300926016)  I don't think it's bullshit to say Cook did pretty damn well.
You took it too far, man.	Oh, like fucking Winnie the pooh pron isn't 'too far'.
Reminds me of[ an argument I had](http://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/1ifhlt/just_found_out_my_wife_32f_cheated_on_me30m_in_a/cb515sc?context=3) with a user on /r/relationships 	Yeah pretty much. People like that aren't interested in actually understanding arguments, they just want to find the fastest way to justify ignoring you and believing what they already believe.
 Reed? 	Reed doesn't participate in rankings. I'm betting on a midwestern school. newlinechar  newlinechar Or Davidson.
Industrial Buzz Saw?	Imploding Butt Spasms
Will do, thank you	Its fine! If it doesn't go, do go to the doctors. A rash isn't usually that much of a concern, but if it lingers it maybe a tell tell sign, and its far better to be safe than sorry! Good luck and keep us updated!
Can I have some copper?	Go cop your own copper.
I'd agree, though I think some of the quick throws are by design rather than being rushed.	I understand that, but not taking that extra half second to set his feet. 
Is this one of those rare times when you're being serious?	You'll find I'm serious more often than I'd like to be.  This is, however, a serious moment, yes.
Wait, something seems odd about you people with your neutral opinions...[](/squintyjack)	What do you mean 'you people'[](/rdhuh)
Personally I'm a fan of whipped butter. If there's whipped butter on my pancakes, I don't need syrup. newlinechar  newlinechar *It's important that we clarify these kinds of things early in the friendship, lest one of us offends the other's culinary sensibilities.*	Whipped butter for life! Salted or unsalted? This is an extremely serious question. It could make or break us.
As a Florida or as Floridan? I believe it's 'Floridian.' I was one as a little kid.	It is most defiantly Floridian  newlinechar  newlinechar Source: im a Floridian. 
I'm swinging by tomorrow so I will give her the money she wants, if she wants any at all. I understand I fucked up. 	good boy.insist she take it. 
will you elaborate on the incompetence?	https://git.manjaro.org/package-sources/core/blob/master/manjaro-system/manjaro-update-system.sh newlinechar  newlinechar I don't need to. None of the problems raised early in its development were fixed.
Awh my mom is clueless she can't even apply liner (or let me or my sister's do it) she keeps scrunching up her lids. She's a makeup artist's worst nightmare. But she does have a major soft spot for me (seen as I'm the baby) which does help my stash. But I agree, paying for your own stuff kills. Paying for food bothers me a lot, because like..it's something you always take for granted and it's gone after one use!	haha too funny! My mom *likes* make up...but she's been doing the same make up for 20 years. I went to cosmo school so she always made me do her make up when I lived closer to her for special nights. Haha I thought I was the only one that got all huffy about spending money on groceries. My husband thinks I'm nuts, but I'll be damned if I don't hate spending a ton of money on food. That's why he isnt allowed at the store with me anymore ;) I can do a week of food for like $50-60 with him it ends up like $100
[](/ranonono) Oh-hohoho, Named, you card you! newlinechar  newlinechar 	Zeal is Santa. Confirmed. 
Ok, thanks man. 	And watchESPN replay
You're a grown man, you shouldn't be fighting unless you're stopping a robbery or rape. 	thats what my mom said, but the dude was trying to shove his fingers where the sun don't shine
Are you suggesting that one can get drunk off of listerine?	Yes. Quite effectively.
Okay good. Now we can be civilized.	Yes yes, civilization is just grand.
McCarron is good when his line gives him about 10 seconds of stable pocket, that's how they did so well last year.	This is just wrong. Watch his highlights. He doesn't just hold the ball anymore than any other QB. VT is stacking the box and rushing 6-7 against a brand new O-line.
PRK blows.... My doc suggested it due to being young and thin corneas.  However, having 20/15 vision kicks ass	Indeed, you need a degree of corneal thickness for LASIK to be an option, since they need enough material to cut and maintain a stable flap.  I was apparently juuuuuust within the margin for LASIK, which was a necessity due to the nature of the corrective pattern they had to cut into my eye.
WHAT'S THAT COMING DOWN THE TRACK?!?!	A BIG MACHINE IN RED AND BLACK!
What is that movie?	You've Got Mail.
Please tell me he is atheist	Does it matter what religious views she has?
How is it the opposite of portable? The 2DS isn't targeted at being thrown into a pocket, it's targeted at being thrown into a kid's backpack or messenger bag. Seems pretty portable to me. I've never really put my 3DS or 3DS XL in my pockets anyways. newlinechar  newlinechar As a card carrying nerd, I either have a backpack or Club Nintendo messenger bag with me most of the time when out and about (29yr old bearded man). This would fit perfectly in my messenger bag along with my tablet and assorted stuff that goes in there. The tablet-like form factor is fairly popular these days and lends to better comfort for large and small hands alike for portable systems, especially with this design. Look for the IGN unboxing video, it's about the same size as a regular 3DS opened flat so it's not overly large. 	I guess I didn't think about it that way. I mean I carry my iPad mini with me everywhere I go, also in a bag of some sort. 
He was doing it after successful plays with no players around. Watch the replay. He wasn't play calling. 	Last year he did it after sacks.   newlinechar  newlinechar It was a way to tell the coaches to get him the next play.  newlinechar  newlinechar I think some of the players use it as a joke amongst themselves.  Either as 'money' or to say that one of them is a play maker. newlinechar  newlinechar If he was doing this to be a jerk, he wouldn't be doing it toward the sidelines! newlinechar  newlinechar Sumlin would bench him. Like he did with the defense.
Georgia, I think someone has a crush on you.	Shhh don't tell :)
Okay, don't listen to him. I looked over your stuff and it's all perfect. Really. Don't worry.	Thanks. I needed to hear (uh, read) that. 
[](/swordlie) Huh, well that was easier than I expected. But I don't understand why you would want to come for the Celestial Academy in the first place. The less involvement with that place the better, in my opinion.	[](/twireally)It's because of me. newlinechar  newlinechar My master never liked the mages' academy, but... newlinechar  newlinechar She knew this would draw me in.
I hope this is true, because it is fucking awesome.	Definitely, 100% true.
I think you posted the wrong link.	fixed!
EC6	EC7
Nah, I think Eren's out for now.	For now yeah. But we've all seen what happens to titans that piss Eren off. 
Thank you, I really appreciate your kind words!	You're very welcome...:-)!
I don't think zed is a real counter to Orianna either, she's as safe as they come vs Assassins out of all AP mids.	The thing is, Faker built Chalice instead of Armguard and still won. 
I don't know the specifics but it had something to do with the power supply cutting out. It happened overnight, so when we came in to work in the morning the pumps had been off for hours. The water had warmed up and most of the lobsters were dead.	Damn. Were you able to steam them all or did some goto waste? newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks for responding, I never realized how interested I was in the cooking of lobsters...
This name change is brought to you by the vowel relocation project.	haha. Fook.
ಠ_ಠ 	&lt;3? I do like zonas red unis but I like the deeper WSU shade. It looks awesome in contrast with the gray. 
I looked on eBay and it looks like they have it for $20 which is too much in my opinion. I'm not sure where else to get it though. 	I didn't see it on ebay.  Can you send a link? 
These codes may be 'moralistic' but dietary laws are not the same thing as morality. They can be based on morality (e.g. non-violent vegetarianism) or pragmatism (e.g. low-fat diet) but they are not inherently moral one way or another.	But that's an arbitrary line you are making there, dividing what is moral from what is moralistic - that's your own concept of morality sneaking into the discussion.
Take up a hobby.  Doesn't matter what that hobby is, you just have to enjoy it.  Then find a group/club nearby that focuses on the same hobby.   newlinechar  newlinechar Bam, you belong.  Enjoy.	The problem is that reddit is my hobby at the moment.
The irony doesn't escape me.  It was 5 years ago.  I like to think I've centered my Ch'i a lot since then...	If it make you feel better, I would've done the same. 
Wow, how friendly.	       wow                                                  such friend    newlinechar                                   so kindness                                   wow   newlinechar    newlinechar                 friendliness                             how nice                              newlinechar              newlinechar                wow
It's wise to also get them vaccinated for felv and fiv just in case they slip outside and get bitten by an infected cat. There's no curing those viruses. My cat has fiv, due to a nasty bite from another cat. I've regretted giving her the vaccine ever since. 	Edit: not** giving her the vaccine. 
Some asshole stole part of it	So, does that mean you only have to give 90% effort to rub the rock now?
The Safely Surrendered Baby Law responds to the increasing number of newborn infant deaths due to abandonment in unsafe locations. First created in January 2001, the Safely Surrendered Baby Law was signed permanently into state law in January 2006. The law?s intent is to save lives of newborn infants at risk of abandonment by encouraging parents or persons with lawful custody to safely surrender the infant within 72 hours of birth, with no questions asked.	I know. It is a good program that has saved lives. 
Think of it as an episode of 'Chopped', where the pantry doesn't contain any potato, mushroom, or rice.  You can be the one, when everyone else is rushing around and panicking, like, 'WTF? There's no rice?!', to go, 'Calmness, calmness, we still have pasta...'	Yep she ate allot of pasta that week. I tried to make the menu interesting for her, quinoa salad, tofu stir fry, spinach pumpkin + barley pie, but there's only so much you can do...
I have never seen anything like this in Washington State.	I'm in Ohio right now
I tried starting up 'Map Monday' here on the subreddit.  People thought it was a great idea but then in a month only two submissions besides my own.	Yep, I noticed that (feels all guilty for not trying to submit something).  I figure that if we can get it out to other relevant subs and the Paizo/WOTC forums and not just make it exclusive to this sub, then maybe something will materialize.  I know for me that the idea of making maps is stressful, but putting together a text encounter is less so.  The terrain and mapping part is always what takes the most planning for me. newlinechar  newlinechar Maybe this will work, maybe it won't.
Whipped butter for life! Salted or unsalted? This is an extremely serious question. It could make or break us.	I'm on the fence. You have an opportunity here to sway me.
And what reason do I have to put down the seat?	Not saying you gotta, just saying girls never need to put it up and we use it both ways
C'mon Grandpa. I'm old enough to get drunk with. Let's take the relationship up a notch.	Scumbag Grandpa: Doesn't want to have children with you; Still rapes you
Thanks mate this seems to be the general consensus, I guess it depends on when 8.8 drops, which no one seems to be able to tell me. 	Unfortunately, there's not really any way of knowing when the patch will drop in NA. It's usually about a week after it is deployed on the Russian servers, but WG hasn't said when that will be yet (afaik). newlinechar  newlinechar My guess is 8.8 is released on the RU servers on the 16th, with EU either Wed or Fri, and NA on the following Monday (the 23rd). That's just wild speculation, though.
 'Buddy' I don't care what you want, this isn't a matter of proof, I made the thread to ask people's opinions about Lebron in the 90s I didn't make it to try to prove anything. It's my opinion that the talent is better in the 90s than it is now and thus, he wouldn't have had as much success I'm not trying to prove that it is.	Well generally when you say something without evidence, people will consider you an idiot.
A duffel looks a bit impractical if you have to leave your vehicle for whatever reason. 	Thing is I already have a backpack for my shelter/clothes/and other misc items.  I figure a backpack and duffel is better than two backpacks.  newlinechar  newlinechar Ideally I do want to have a lighter weight kit that I can fit everything into a backpack.  But for now my goal is a minimum carry for a comfortable three day car camping trip.  Then I can work down from there.    newlinechar  newlinechar Most common bug out situations don't involve leaving the car anyways.  Although it is still a legitimate concern.  newlinechar 
What the fuck? How did you decide to start that conversation mid coitus, exactly?	'Your vagina reminds me of my dead mother.'
You can still get treatment. It's called checking yourself into rehab.	Yes, but that is not really relevant. (Sorry for the strong wording.)  We are talking about a desperate person who desires some particular illegal drug.  If they had the sense to check themselves into rehab then they would not be in the predicament in the first place. The illegality is what makes the price and obtainability (is that a word?) difficult.  If the user could get the stuff at the corner drug store then they might not trying to sell their children (or whatever bad things they were trying to do) in order to obtain drugs.  newlinechar  
Not sure, and we definitely don't want to see your campus. At least not for a football game.	Awww, it's real pretty and also has lots of spaceship looking buildings now due to Uncle Phil.
use the sine cosine and tan rules newlinechar 	This is what you do.
If you go through my history, you'll find that this is my porn account. I just thought the name was funny when I thought of it.	going thru your comment history. http://31.media.tumblr.com/9939d80aafd7f1217af815bd1f7ab42b/tumblr_mjw1xxXQ6T1s14h9co1_500.gif
'Mr. Murdoch, the Australian people are noticing our incredibly biased headlines and articles and we're getting massacred in social media. I think we have a problem here.'   newlinechar 'You're right, underpaid minion. There's only one thing to do.'   newlinechar 'Of course sir, I'll arrange to have our editorial staff tone down th-'   newlinechar 'TIME TO DIRECTLY AND SPECIFICALLY TELL THEM WHO I WANT THEM TO VOTE FOR.'	How does that relate to my question? The title 'Media bias? What media bias?' implies that Murdoch or someone at the papers is trying to deny the bias, which they aren't.
here is miller's game log so you can feel silly or whatever newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.baseball-reference.com/players/gl.cgi?id=millesh01&amp;t=p&amp;year=2013	My complaint for Miller has been the same all season: pitch count
I can safely say that I no longer have any idea what's happening with this roster.	Amen, brother. I'm thoroughly confused and in need of a scotch.
Would [this](https://www.google.com/search?q=hayley+williams+no+makeup&amp;client=safari&amp;hl=en&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ei=bYMiUqOwIYm5sQTD0oC4Bg&amp;ved=0CAkQ_AUoAA&amp;biw=768&amp;bih=928#biv=i%7C28%3Bd%7CLUs5AcfmyzoZlM%3A) girl have been posted here?	Dunno about you, but I think she's very pretty.
My coworker told me that she has a tendency to submit a ticket for a problem, and when he goes and checks it out a minute after it was submitted, shes not there. She also schedules times to meet with IT people, and is almost never there.	&gt; schedules times to meet with IT people, and is almost never there newlinechar  newlinechar Classic sign that she does not respect you.
When I got sick and tired of being sick and tired; I found a path to a life that promises and delivers freedom, joy and happiness.  	tell me how, please?
Teddy Sheringham. 	Whoosh. 
Honestly, that pun hadn't even crossed my mind. I thought it was some nice black humour, and I was trying to remember what it was called when you made jokes about death. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm a bit dumb.	Not *too* dumb I guess. I enjoyed your story.  =)
Does anyone know where this happened?  That is about the right time for this to be my wife's great uncle (who died this exact way).	The photographs were taken in the Rhode Island morgue 
maybe? not sure. i don't know how many different shades of burgundy the ebbets factory owns.	Gotcha, for some reason the first one seems a lot deeper in color compared with the jcrew. 
I'm afraid I don't get what the angst is about.  Why should you not still be best friends?  Is it better to have sex with someone you're not friends with?  If you don't find each other attractive and don't want to date, just forget about it and agree not to mention it ever again.  If you do find each other attractive and feelings you have for each other but were denying have surfaced, be happy.	I'm afraid it isn't that simple. What if we decide to go for a relationship and things don't work out? I most likely would lose his friendship. Like I said, we both have mutual feelings about all that's happened and we've already agreed to just keep things where they are
Could you help point out which part of it is burnt exactly? I can't seem to figure it out	[Sure thing! I boxed it over so you can compare it to the original, as you can see it's not a lot, so I understand why you were confused.](http://i.imgur.com/U2QZakA.jpg)
Sorry but your first rig was not 'garbage'. I'm not saying that's what you said, I just got a vibe you thought it was. newlinechar  newlinechar REGARDLESS! I hope you enjoy basking in your shrines newly proclaimed glory!	On paper, the old computer was pretty bad but it did surprise me with some games, such as Crysis 2 and Skyrim.  newlinechar  newlinechar However, it underperformed in many cases and didn't give playable framerates at all in games I paid good money for. (Specifically BF3, which is one of the few games I've ever played full price for. 25-35 fps, with stuttering, all settings as low as possible.)
[](/honesty 'If you were to describe that emote it would sound like a forgotten beast.')That's adorable.	[](/fluttertoocoolforyou)*And* relevant.
I'd like to read a comic that was never in all caps. newlinechar  newlinechar The letters only got bigger when they wanted to emphasize something. newlinechar  newlinechar ^I ^WANT ^TO ^LIVE ^IN ^A BIGGER ^HOUSE! newlinechar  newlinechar I don't read too many comics these days, but I can't recall one that used lower case letters.	Hmmm...maybe I have not paid enough attention. Thanks for pointing that out.  newlinechar  newlinechar Maybe here though, the font just seems so big. 
he's behind the dugout, not home plate	ah.   chalk that up to no sleep and the whole morning in animal ER helping a neighbour.    at least behind dugout he can holler on our boys!
Celestiasbeard got all the recent events. Some minor details: Lord English isn't as concerned with sessions as he is with universes. But that's not even important, since the reason he's such a threat right now is because he's destroying literally everything. Like, if nothing stops him, then he'll destroy all of Paradox Space. newlinechar  newlinechar The villains who are most important now are The Condesce, LE's servant; and Gamzee, who is doing lots of shady stuff right now. Jade and Jane are temp-evil. LE remains kind of an afterthought--not just to readers, but even to the characters themselves.	And Bec Noir? What about him?
Yay, only seven injuries now!	We're +2 injuries from last week though with Djimi and Oba added officially to the injury list :( 
'2 gender'? Gay parents do just fine, it's the influence of having a missing parent that's the problem.	2 parent is definitely part of the issue and same sex couples do better than single parents, however, I believe (my own feels) that a child needs deep exposure to both genders as they grow up, same sex parents have to reach out to third parties to provide that exposure, and often do.   newlinechar  newlinechar Women can not replace men and men can not replace women in the development of children and you'll never, ever get me to believe otherwise.
If you you could put an actual buckle on that I think that would be pretty cool. Maybe r/crafts can help you out?	I was trying to find a way to do that, but I couldn't, which is why I went with the shoelaces that came with the strap when I bought it. It's not worth to repost this to r/crafts and get downvoted to hell all over again though. :P
i wouldnt recomend looking at it, might have a virus	That's really unlikely. 
Learn from me...i have uneven and suppperr oily t zone. I wash my face with a mild cleanser then use witchhazel as toner and then use milk of magnesium on my t zone to control oil. newlinechar  newlinechar All these things r super cheaper at drugstore. Aeound a dollar for witchhazel and 5 or 6 bucks for milk of magnesium.	Thanks for the tip!!!
Thin guy into Beastiality here. You hear more about the fat basement dwellers than the other people who like that shit. 	Honestly, what's attractive about it?
I'm in Ohio right now	I can see that.
happy rl birthday!	Happy internet birthday!
Yo forgive me if I am wrong but this dude massacred the Shia	He was chosen as Governor of Egypt when it was under Shia rule.  newlinechar  newlinechar The only massacres he got into was when the Crusaders tried to invade (again).
Man do I miss Suh. Last week I watched the [highlight reel from the Texas vs. Nebraska game](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6NkJQVMHZSA) to watch him throw McCoy around like a ragdoll. newlinechar  newlinechar But the loss still stings.	I really miss him, too. I feel like our defense is going to be ripped apart in the Big 10 this season. I'm really starting to believe that Pelini is no longer the answer.
So does Honey Boo Boo....what's you point?	If that's your comparison I feel you've answered your own question.
You are kidding right?	No it's true, you only live once. That's a fact.
What? But you bought all the papers? They got their money and now the newsagent is going to order more the next day because he sold out. How is that a win for anyone?	The price barely covers distribution. The papers make money from readership.
Well it's a strange fight scene, because yes, it's funny as all hell, but feels really legit too. The fight doesn't feel choreographed at all, well for the most part anyway. Like when he accidentally smashes Keith David's car window, then laughs about it. Really felt like an accident. newlinechar  newlinechar There's nothing flashy at all in it, intricate martial arts or whatever, its all brute force. It's a fight between two guys where neither really seem to know much about fighting beyond putting your fist into the other guys face. Its lasts like seven minutes but stays consistently interesting the entire time.  newlinechar  newlinechar The injuries accrue through the fight semi naturally, like Keith David having that skin scraped off the back of his head. It feels like the two get winded and lose endurance naturally through the course of both exerting themselves and getting punched multiple times. newlinechar  newlinechar Things like that I think make it a really memorable fight. Sure it's not the most realistic fight, few in cinema are. But it feels incredibly honest, like I could step out of a bar and see this fight going on. So yeah, it rocks.	So the short answer to my half-question was: Both. newlinechar  newlinechar Really, that's the same feeling I get from the fight. No goofy camera tricks, no professionally choreography. Obvious pulled punches here and there, but clearly landed ones as well. newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks for the answer.
What's a superbowl?	*Oh God I wasn't expecting this day to come so quick..* umm.. nothing honey go back to bed, you'll find out when you're older..
Calls 'em like I sees  'em. These evil, mean spirited obstructionists are the bane of compromose to move the Nation forward. As far as what you think of me, why do I care what you think? I forgot more than you will ever know,  Dottie, MOVE THE FUCK ON...WERE DONE HERE.	&gt; I forgot more than you will ever know newlinechar  newlinechar I bet.
Tonight, we should aim for the opposite result of what happened last night.	this guy knows whats up
&gt; It must feel awesome for a mod to have a discussion in SRS: don't like the feedback? b&amp; newlinechar  newlinechar As a fempire mod who has been involved in many of these conversations, if you'll notice, many of the comments are still up, even if mods extremely disagreed with them. newlinechar  newlinechar There was an even more heated conversation in srsgaming that was featured here a few weeks ago, and I think only one person got banned, because they were literally advocating for killing hundreds of thousands of people. newlinechar  newlinechar When it comes to some stuff? sure, we're fascist as fuck with our moderating, and we own that. But generally speaking, politics stuff isn't nearly as highly moderated.	We both know it's a safe space, a panic room in the mansion that is reddit like most of the subreddits that you mod. It's a scary place out there. Good thing that mother goose here takes all the scared little brdies under her wings. newlinechar  newlinechar But wait.. didn't you house someone who manipulated other people into doxxing? Oh well.. I'm sure you had a good reason to. You're a good person! Keep telling that to yourself.
&gt; Making an airtight and easy case is the job of court personnel. newlinechar  newlinechar Yah but patrol and detective type LEO's do collect the evidence those courts use.   newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Court costs come out of a different department/budget newlinechar  newlinechar I own a house, and I pay property tax to the county. Every tax measure we vote in, authorizes the county to collect that tax on behalf of the city.  This is vastly different from sales tax, which the county/state expects each city to collect on its own.	I'm with you that it all comes out of our tax dollars. newlinechar  newlinechar The police dept and DA's office get different budgets for staff, salary, and how they spend their time.  They also report to different bureaucracies, so the DA gives no fucks how many hours/days/weeks the detective spent on the case, and likewise, the cops give no fucks how much time is wasted by the DA. newlinechar  newlinechar Either way, I agree that it is net more expensive to the taxpayer to keep the status quo than it would be to purchase and equip all SJPD officers with lapel cameras that were recording for each and every interaction with the public.  The fear of officers being held accountable, combined with the realization by some asshat lawbreakers that they are on obvious camera would help to tone down the hostility and showboating that happens on both sides of law enforcement encounters, resulting in fewer instances of uses of force, complaints against officers, and subsequent legal settlements when the cops are proved to be acting out of line.
And watchESPN replay	Much appreciated.
Say what? newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/NQ90UFD.png newlinechar  newlinechar My dog thinks you've been watching too much porn. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Your dog is cute, but please let him/her know that, not that it's any of his/her business, I rarely, rarely watch porn and when I do, it's strictly girl on girl.
Thankfully, the version from 'The Crow' never caught on.	That's the night before. Devil's Night, which was a thing in Detroit and Chicago.  newlinechar  newlinechar http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Devil's_Night
So in other words you'd like to see us fail to qualify from the group stages ?!	There's a major difference between 'wouldn't mind'  and 'would like' 
What would stop you from submitting the trust? Would you be denied by the background check?	I am unable to acquire a CLEO signoff in my county (the primary reason for my LLC) if that requirement was extended to LLCs I would be incapable of satisfying NFA requirements. I'd have to move. 
Ok.  newlinechar  newlinechar So what? Why is it our job to deploy to Syria? All it will do is harm us and aid the same people we've been fighting since 2001.  newlinechar  newlinechar Those people are dead, our going to Syria won't bring them back. 	You asked why we should help, I'm giving you that side of the argument, at least acknowledge there is a reason to help. 
Hint: It's one of the three listed above.	[(I know - twas a joke :P)](http://splitsider.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/young-larry-david.jpg)
Nope, but I think altPUG has it perfect. They allow dead teammates to talk for a short time (10 seconds) so they can call out valuable information but can't sit there coaching you through the rest of the round.	&gt; but can't sit there coaching you through the rest of the round. newlinechar  newlinechar I find the 'coaching' counterproductive when I am the last player on my team, more often than not I have to yell out: 'Shut the fuck up! Trying to listen to footsteps here.' newlinechar  newlinechar 
~~There is a difference between acknowledging and reacting to what is going on, and being obnoxiously negative and just laying into Lynn. When he pitches well, we all cheer. But when he gives up even ONE run, people want to demote him to Single A.~~ newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar It's just frustrating to see people constantly complain and complain and complain. But then again, Lynn has given up 6 runs in 3 innings. So i'm fighting a losing battle. 	with only 1 out in the 3rd :/
Wait who aren't I? :p	Ashley Burch from the YouTube series ['Hey Ash, Whatcha Playin'?'](http://www.youtube.com/user/HAWPOfficial/videos) newlinechar  newlinechar The resemblance is especially uncanny, since she went through a similar transformation in hair style.
The mobile site is so bad. Kept glitch in me to the top of the article. Otherwise,  great read. 	We're working on it, thanks. stay tuned.
P^s^s^s^t ,I think it was sarcasm.	Probably. Its hard to tell in the written form. Hell I am just bad at sarcasm, no use denying it anymore. MOTHER I suck.... at sarcasm.
Yes because the average Reddit user is going to be able to afford a $1-8k mattress... newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: by afford I meant as in lying around. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Isn't the average user almost thirty years old?   I could have sworn I read that the other night...in bed...in my TempurPed...ah never mind. 
Weirded Beardo	You're up to +89. Just 11 to go.
Ya I'd be yawning too if I had to watch Liverpool.	I know right? Man U/Chelsea was heaps of excitement. 
Not *too* dumb I guess. I enjoyed your story.  =)	Thank you. I can tell. :D
Looks like I picked the wrong night to stop sniffing glue	looks like I picked the wrong night to watch baseball
Dude, how long have dogs been picking up chicks?! Go for it. 	Haha, very true. I worry though that a service dog wont be a chick magnet like a regular one would though. Guess there is only one way to find out!
I think you gotta let him just work through it, you know? He won't learn otherwise.	Definitely. 
&gt;I asked them how they made American cheese orange. newlinechar  newlinechar From cheese cows, duh.	Of course!
Step.1 don't pirate games step.2 buy games off steam	I never said they were pirated. I have the physical copy of Dark Messiah, and this error came up. So please, don't assume I pirate games, it's an unfair assumption when you have no basis to say that. and I cant buy all of my games through steam. I have a limited data plan, so I get the physical copies whenever I can.
Sounds sketchy af	Nah, he was a drug dealer. Not like he was a pedophile trying to get with me. 
Oh sure, like patches and gum, which are conspicuously nowhere to be found in that list...	True, I guess if there's no other conditions regarding other methods like gum and patches (like needing to lower your use gradually) then treating e-cigarettes like them is fair.
[](/fluttertoocoolforyou)*And* relevant.	[](/ajlie 'It undulates rhythmically. Beware its beady eyes.')Completely relevant.
Spanking.	I have come close, VERY close to spanking but I don't think that's something I want to do. I don't want to teach her that inflicting physical pain on someone is ok. newlinechar 
going thru your comment history. http://31.media.tumblr.com/9939d80aafd7f1217af815bd1f7ab42b/tumblr_mjw1xxXQ6T1s14h9co1_500.gif	My point exactly :) 
Hahaha, that sounds great, could you tell me more about it? (title or link would be great but I'd take anything...)	It's in Xenophon's *Memorabilia*, book 3, chapter 11. The prostitute's name is Theodote. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Then Socrates, joking upon her easy life, said, “But, Theodota, it is not easy for me to find leisure; for my own numerous occupations, private and public, allow me no rest; and I have female friends also, who will not suffer me to leave them day or night, learning from me love-charms and incantations.” 17. “Do you then know such arts, too, Socrates?” said Theodota. “Through what other influence do you suppose that Apollodorus here, and Antisthenes, never leave me? and through what other influence do you suppose that Cebes and Simmias come to me from Thebes? Be assured, that such effects were not produced without many love-charms, incantations, and magic wheels.” newlinechar  newlinechar It's online [here](http://thriceholy.net/Texts/Memorabilia2.html). It seems to be a satirical recognition that Socrates is basically an intelligence-prostitute who leeches of folks who want him to be smart in their presence.
Welcome to the dark side.	Saban's horcruxes are national championship rings.  They can only be destroyed in the fires of the Toledo foundry from whence they came. newlinechar  newlinechar One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them. newlinechar 
Although I feel bad that you're getting so many downvotes, it's funny that you're dumb.	I needed to balance my karma. I can't go over 1000
I'm at university now and a lot of my friends are from non-religious backgrounds and have little sympathy for my parents which I can understand in a way. But I would have been totally lost without my Dad. He was taking a backseat in it all because he isn't religious and doesn't have that close family around him like my Mum so I think he felt a bit isolated. But he stepped up when I needed him and it let my Mum do the same. They were a little late to the party but I'm eternally grateful that they showed up	I understand. I'm glad they were there for you!  newlinechar  newlinechar If my family or my wife's family tried to pull the same shit, they probably would never see my kid again. Fuck that, dude.  newlinechar  newlinechar Sounds like maybe cultural influences going on too (filial piety is big in a lot of cultures but not so much mine). I don't know the polite way to ask: what race/ethnicity are your parents? 
No question Aeropress over french press.  I think the vast majority of people who've tried both would tend to agree. newlinechar  newlinechar Keep in mind I only occasionally did french press years ago before I really got into coffee but I think most people move from drip or a french press to an Aeropress, Chemex, pourover, etc. once they want to get something better.	good to know. Thanks for the responses! 
I have Dyson AM04 and it's super loud.	Oh? Very interesting. newlinechar  newlinechar I've not had any of this class myself [Dyson or whoever else], but found the idea attractive. Good to know that some 'customer trials' should be in order before I actually go and lay money down.
So this exact situation happened to me, but the timer disappeared after every one exited the dungeon. If you open up the duty finder and elect to Leave the duty, you'll be put out of the dungeon, still dead, but you'll get credit for finishing the instance. Just in case it happens to any one else.	I can't believe I didn't think about just opening the duty finder. Oh well, good call!
Naniwa actually has a minor case of autism. If you don't believe me he actually has many of the symptoms.  newlinechar  newlinechar Lack of empathy. Issues with eye contact and body posture(AKA the Naniwalk). Difficulty understanding their listeners perspective. Naniwa also had difficulty learning how to speak when he was young, and to this day still has some minor difficulties. Like I said, it isn't full out autism, just minor autism.	This post is so,  what the fuck.
I'm not sure I follow. 	As Wiktionary defines it: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;A literary device of writing or art which principally ridicules its subject often as an intended means of provoking or preventing change. Humour is often used to aid this. newlinechar  newlinechar So an image of a fat, ridiculous looking, and decidedly un-fabulous person on a computer being described as 'in xir's natural habitat' is indeed satire. It's certainly not intended as a compliment! newlinechar  newlinechar (Am I the only one that feels there's something off at the 'provoking or preventing change' part? I never thought of satire that way.)
Just to add this side of things, I've been told that I have gay inflections even when I'm speaking a different language (French is my second language)... even when I wasn't out as bi.	Wow, that's interesting to me. I'm sure the french as well as other cultures and languages have their own iterations of a gay accent, but it's interesting that they can pick it up in non native speakers as well.
At least you got a new weed contact.	True. You can never have too many backups.
I'm guess they lost your trust because of the ME3 ending and DA2? Or was there more than just that. Just curious because I see this exact same comment nearly every time anything Bioware is talked about.	That's a part of it, but for me the primary reason was their *response* to the fan reaction. It was less 'we're sorry' and more 'we're sorry that you're a bunch of entitled pricks'. newlinechar  newlinechar I can accept that good studios occasionally make bad games. I have trouble being a fan of a studio that calls me an ass for caring about their work.
it depends on the size of the battery. ideally you charge things until they're full, and then unplug them. things like smartphones and tablets are designed with being charged overnight in mind. the main thing people do they shouldnt, is leave their laptop on charge 24/7. that very quickly renders the battery useless. 	What am I supposed to do? I never move it around.
I miss Eck	I miss Remy although I understand why he is gone and I also miss Eck. 
You know, I *had* successfully forgotten that existed. newlinechar  newlinechar Oh well.	Ah, my most humblest of apologies. 
'Will you start the fans, please!' WHISTLE!!	Interesting titbit, I used to work with a fellow who claimed that he possessed THE ACTUAL crystal maze whistle. newlinechar  newlinechar He hung it on the wall in our place of work, and seemed to revere is as a prized possession. It appeared to be the same as the one on the show. newlinechar  newlinechar I have no reason to doubt him, although it seems somewhat unlikely.
(300+272)*12=$6,864 newlinechar  newlinechar 6,864/35,000=20% of gross wages. newlinechar  newlinechar You have a take home pay of ~$2,400 per month, which leaves about $1,800 for all your living expenses.	That sounds about right to me? 20% of your wages going towards raising your child seems perfectly reasonable to me, and $1800 is definitely something you can live on.
[](/twireally)It's because of me. newlinechar  newlinechar My master never liked the mages' academy, but... newlinechar  newlinechar She knew this would draw me in.	[](/swordsmile-r) Ah, I didn't know you were a student of the place. 
I know this is a joke, but can you actually do that? Not everyone who wants a child  can handle having 3 at once.	Yes. [Selective reduction](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Selective_reduction) is a real thing.
[](/twismile) The general absence of prescriptivist bollocks in this thread pleases me. newlinechar  newlinechar iluguise.	[](/fs26)Too bad, I was looking forward to yours.
No fucks given, why do I care what you think? I forgot more than you will ever know,  Betty, MOVE THE FUCK ON...WERE DONE HERE.	Seriously, it's great that you don't care what people think about you.  I subscribe to this belief myself. newlinechar  newlinechar But when you're trying to get people to agree with you, acting and speaking as you have been does one thing: makes people take you 100% less seriously.
Ill check it out!	Oh, I forgot to say it requires Forge. Also I'm working on making it better now.
Lolwat. Is this honestly the attitude where you're from?	This is the general attitude toward men in the United States.
I cannot fathom why you would leave California for Missouri? 	Good university, and they gave me good $. Other than the weather, I love it here. 
Back then, metal was very expensive and only rich people could afford clocks with metal gears. Wood was significantly cheaper and allowed common people to have clocks. Metal was used only for highly wearing parts in those clocks, like the one in the center. A couple decades later, making brass became easier and cheaper and replaced wood.	Hmmm... I'm not sure that I agree. We have several antique clocks - not very expensive ones, and they all have metal gears. As I said, these were not really clocks for the rich - these are low to middle end clocks - two of them were sold in the Sears catalog. One is from 1893.
Don't fret. We like you. This is just brand new for us. This is unbelievable.	Plus we own the Cards this year, which is nice
because he's the one who posted that in the comment you sourced. I'm really confused as to what is going on	wait so you did it to preemptively strike that guy who said he would?
Oh, like fucking Winnie the pooh pron isn't 'too far'.	Winnie the Pooh porn isn't too far. It's where all of our journeys start.
let us not forget how good ronaldo was before setting the transfer record, really i dont see how RM are consdering anything close to what they payed for ronaldo http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZRYuG2vpNM	Would also like to add that he won the Ballon d'or and his goals helped United win the tight league race as well as the champions league. 
&lt;3? I do like zonas red unis but I like the deeper WSU shade. It looks awesome in contrast with the gray. 	[](/okay)
You're thinking Tomb of the Giants	Hmm...I guess I was
no.	False.
The fucker needed to be killed. It's sucks that he had to be killed. That's what the fucker is saying. newlinechar  newlinechar Just because something needs to be done, doesn't mean you want to do it.	yah that pretty much sums it up.  All clear now
Do we think he learned?  Not holding out much faith.  We usually don't learn stuff before OU.	Not sure if I want to be optimistic and hope we don't need to learn as much this year...
Probably the most exciting show in existence.	I was considering taking a nap before the game starts, this may work out. newlinechar 
You must really love your fm to have that set up. newlinechar  newlinechar But... more power to you. 	Football.
maybe you're just unlucky	Maybe…   newlinechar Maybe... newlinechar  newlinechar (Which one is better?)
haha too funny! My mom *likes* make up...but she's been doing the same make up for 20 years. I went to cosmo school so she always made me do her make up when I lived closer to her for special nights. Haha I thought I was the only one that got all huffy about spending money on groceries. My husband thinks I'm nuts, but I'll be damned if I don't hate spending a ton of money on food. That's why he isnt allowed at the store with me anymore ;) I can do a week of food for like $50-60 with him it ends up like $100	Ha I get by on €20-30 a week for food, although I do steal a lot of shit from home. Like meat and bread and noodles and herbs and spices and pretty much half my shop.
I can see that.	*sigh* It's been a long day. 
Perhaps the global economy needs to learn how to not waste so much energy? 	'Waste' is a byproduct of complexity. Complex systems become increasingly inefficient. This goes for ideological systems too, like governments. When a system becomes so complex [inefficient] that it begins to take more energy to simply maintain than it produces, it fails. This is why nearly all civilizations and empires have failed. And this, too, is why our current economic paradigm will fail. And many would argue it is already failing.
####Fraccion? So only arrancar or are shinigami allowed to join?	#### &gt;_&gt; copy pasta fail, you didn't see that
Why do I always click the link? I know what it is but I click anyway. :(	I know right? And then it's always like: 'Sigh....upvote'
Yeah I agree, especially when he uses that to justify everything mean and rude he does throughout his entire life. 	I cannot understand why some people think 'I gave money for a cause so it is ok if I am an ass'
You know, your personality reminds me a bit of my own. I know you want to help, believe me...but as soon as you get involved, you'll get sucked in and it may ultimately lead you to a downfall. Your head's in the right place, don't let him drag you down. It really is up to him to seek the help he needs and who knows, maybe jail will do him some good. Just don't feel guilty, ok? It's not your fault and you're not responsible for anything he does or doesn't do.	That's true. I just gotta hope he can turn around. This is the time when I have to start pulling my own weight and make my own life. I don't want him in it. Hopefully he can make a good one for himself.
Got linked to this on twitter. Here's a few steam codes of my cheap weird game if anyone wants, first come first served :P newlinechar  newlinechar 2TVXQ-0Y7EH-6YME3 newlinechar  newlinechar R5TYI-YYTF9-578QG newlinechar  newlinechar L7T4L-GNV03-VJHJP newlinechar  newlinechar 2NCE4-5RW5C-2FFX6 newlinechar  newlinechar J9WAV-EJWJA-7DRF6 newlinechar 	Way to steal the thunder :D newlinechar Joking, you're doing a great thing. newlinechar  newlinechar PS: how did this end up on twitter?
&gt; makes this beautiful lake, it's much wider and much nicer looking. newlinechar  newlinechar I think you're talking about the river, not an actual lake.	Ah yeah I see the mistake I made. newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah when Lake Victoria is beside a lake it doesn't connect, which is kinda lame. newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/jUzvCXe.jpg
I'm excited about the painting!!! 	Again sorry its taking so long D: hope it meets your expectations 
To each his own. That's what's great about the car hobby, everyone has different tastes and for each person's taste there's a vendor out there eager to sell you your perfect car. 	Couldn't have said it better! 
For me, this best part of this shop is the additional building, it fits so well.	I decided, for no real reason, that this would be my first try removing a person from a picture. As luck would have it, the people in the photo made up so much of the image that I had little to work with in terms of background, so the building was sort of forced upon me. For a minute there I had another car, too, but I thought it looked cheesy so I got rid of it haha
If only Lolly had moved out two days earlier &lt;/3	Q____________Q Even without trading Lolly. I just wanted Monique to go to a place where she would be appreciated, most people dislikes her! :C And she is really nice!
There was never any evidence he committed the crime though, not a single piece of evidence except he was in the general vicinity of where the other soldiers think the grenade came from, which was also occupied by an older man who had grenades and guns on him, but the older man was killed upon entering that area.  newlinechar  newlinechar The only soldier to go into that area, who is the one that killed the older man, reported that Khadr was unarmed, until a few weeks later when he changed his report stating that Khadr had a weapon with him, but the soldier isn't sure what it was. newlinechar  newlinechar So Khadr was held in prison for at minimum 4 years until while in Gitmo where he plead guilty and confessed because they told him he could go back to Canada if he did. He has since recanted that confession. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, he didn't just go there, he was taken to Afghanistan when he was 2 years old by his parents. newlinechar  newlinechar You really have no idea what you are talking about when it comes to Omar Khadr. I'm not an expert, but you should at least learn the basics before trying to argue a point on this topic.	Bluntly, none of that means squat.  His recanting means nothing. His confession means nothing.  And quite frankly, I think the evidence means nothing.  Seriously, it was a war zone, how much evidence of who threw what grenade does anyone think there was lying around to be collected? newlinechar  newlinechar And really, is there a single person who thinks that if he threw the grenade then he should rot in prison, but if not he should never have been in jail at all? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 
Not nearly enough souls for this.	Not with that attitude its not.
shit, Serbia wants to be in the EU	I dont know enough about Serbia (or really any other country in the Balkans) to say if that is a bad thing but their economic situation seems like admittance would be iffy. Also Turkey wants to join but I don't see that happening any time soon.
it wasnt a rhyme 	ya, more like a crime! newlinechar  newlinechar So you better do your time!
Great day to be medicating! Just went skydiving, time to start the medication up now!	Skydiving!!!  On my 'to do' list!!
Yeah. The only Russian professor I had was in early math classes. I didn't even have a Russian professor when I took Russian. newlinechar  newlinechar But yeah, his pronunciation of vector was the same. And he absolutely loved sec(x). Apparently, he grew up with only 1/cos(x), and thought sec(x) was the greatest thing ever invented.	&gt; thought sec(x) was the greatest thing ever invented newlinechar  newlinechar Haha, there's something charmingly hilarious about that. 
You're really nice! Pls don't call me stupid this time &lt;3	thanks &lt;3
'Na na naaaa la shdsfjb da dee da hafsfsd'	So I *do* have the lyrics down?!
- Spiders, being alone, being around people newlinechar  newlinechar - Rockets, because bloodbath newlinechar  newlinechar - I'm on my phone, but the This Too Shall Pass video by OKGo (the Rube Goldberg one) is kickass.	[](/twirock) That is a good video. 
Exactly what other activities do you need to perform when you are bicycling? I just conjured an image in my head of me bicycling to work in snow, on ice and in slush whilst doing some other stuff with my hands. Or one hand at least. It would probably kill me.	Well if it's snowing of course on hand is on the steering wheel. The other could be holding a cup of coffee, or alternatively an ipod/cellphone. But generally in winter I keep both hands on the wheel. newlinechar  newlinechar In the summer however, I usually eat some ice cream or whatever when biking, so it's nice to be able to brake with my feet.
Not even a full half into the new season and we're turning on our new QB already?	First game of the year. newlinechar  newlinechar Thunder not played in forever. newlinechar  newlinechar Feeling Salty!
Given the Hep C, I wouldn't do anything with her even if she did pay me.	Ha! I hear ya!
Yes, I'm more than aware of the difference:	Not accusing you. Just a mini rant lol.
thats what my mom said, but the dude was trying to shove his fingers where the sun don't shine	&gt;unless your stopping a robbery **or rape**
Its not subjective. There are certain health problems that are usually found with 80 year-old's that she has.	Like what, for example?  newlinechar  newlinechar Osteoporosis? Macular Degeneration? Glaucoma? Hearing Loss? Alzheimer's Disease? Cognitive Impairment? Incontinence? Arthritis? Balance Issues? newlinechar  newlinechar All because of Ramen? It's just sodium and carbohydrates. I could understand malnutrition, but, if anyone believes the load of steaming crap that the author of this article presents... They has some severe mental issues.
the best, I love you. I dont know why.	Clearly because you love me &lt;3
It's in Xenophon's *Memorabilia*, book 3, chapter 11. The prostitute's name is Theodote. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Then Socrates, joking upon her easy life, said, “But, Theodota, it is not easy for me to find leisure; for my own numerous occupations, private and public, allow me no rest; and I have female friends also, who will not suffer me to leave them day or night, learning from me love-charms and incantations.” 17. “Do you then know such arts, too, Socrates?” said Theodota. “Through what other influence do you suppose that Apollodorus here, and Antisthenes, never leave me? and through what other influence do you suppose that Cebes and Simmias come to me from Thebes? Be assured, that such effects were not produced without many love-charms, incantations, and magic wheels.” newlinechar  newlinechar It's online [here](http://thriceholy.net/Texts/Memorabilia2.html). It seems to be a satirical recognition that Socrates is basically an intelligence-prostitute who leeches of folks who want him to be smart in their presence.	Awesome; thanks! newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Out of context bit from an earlier part I find strangely relevant: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; “Nor was it, surely, for the sake of being noticed, for even madmen are noticed by everybody.”
&gt; sic em! newlinechar  newlinechar Awwwww!	But not next weekend, okay? Whatever sic em means, don't do it in Athens next weekend!!
I really miss him, too. I feel like our defense is going to be ripped apart in the Big 10 this season. I'm really starting to believe that Pelini is no longer the answer.	Pelini hates recruiting.  Even at LSU, he made it so he didn't have to recruit anyone.  With our location, we must have good recruits, because we produce only 1-3 caliber players per year in state.
#benchregi	youre jst a bandwagong ing fagto. go back to playing smite noob
Congratulations vSim, how long did it take you to learn the timing and master it for this mission? newlinechar True stealth speed mastery.	Lots, and lots of experimentation on timing and routes. Most of the experimentation was what gadgets to use (and when to use them), and how to avoid panther points by using them.  newlinechar  newlinechar Once I had a solid idea of what to do, took maybe 2.5 hours of restarting and frustration to string together everything.  newlinechar  newlinechar Doing Private Estate right now, and I pretty sure that I have a route down, just getting a lot of panther evasion points because of the dogs. 
Just so I'm clear on this, his face is spazzing out cause he's just THAT pissed?	I think its because he just hasn't learned how to control his titan body properly and it acts out when he mentally freaks out. 
MIC?	Minor in Consumption (of alcohol)
Tell that to the 1995 Finals MVP.	That isn't relevant at all.
She actually walked casually in asking 'What did you do now?'	Haha!  Yeah, I figured it would be something like that. My mom is the same way.  newlinechar  newlinechar I'm not kidding about the witch hazel, by the way. I've been attacked by my own, once or twice, and it helped heal the wounds incredibly fast. 
I remember watching a documentary about Transnistria, is it a recognised country yet?	Not by the majority of the international community, but a few of the countries around it (Moldova, Ukraine, Russia) accept its attempts at independence and talks are still ongoing. I think Moldova wants to assert the rights over it while still giving it a degree of autonomy, while Transnistria just wants full independence. It could take years to sort out, but the region is fairly stable these days. Or at least that's what reports say.
Nah, there's one guy that's kind of a dick.	The question is *why they keep asking him*
Oh for a job for you.  Well good luck.	Oh he's right though, if it's undisturbed, you're pretty much safe. All that needs to be done is to keep the walls, ceilings etc. in good condition. If you've got a leak, though,  that is an indication of poor condition. But asbestos-containing building materials are usually stronger than their modern counterparts. If any contractor comes to repair the roof, make sure (if they do any work in your place) that you get an actual report in your hands of the asbestos content of the affected materials.
That's true. I just gotta hope he can turn around. This is the time when I have to start pulling my own weight and make my own life. I don't want him in it. Hopefully he can make a good one for himself.	And with that, I wish you the best of luck.
North Korea has Kim Jung un	Jesus Christ, he's the dictator. They keep him fat so he looks like his grandfather. If his father could keep himself in Hennessey, I'm sure he can keep himself in cake. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: And even he's not fat compared to the kinds of obese and overweight people that are standard here. If you dropped him in a Wal-Mart no one would think twice about his size.
she calls the police :(	That was quick
Isn't the average user almost thirty years old?   I could have sworn I read that the other night...in bed...in my TempurPed...ah never mind. 	greater Age != more money necessarily.
I am 6'4' and demand to be let into the McDonalds playplace.  Just becaues I'm too big for it, doesn't mean anyone has a right to keep me out.	I'm a man who believes that I'm a woman and I demand to have access to any and all woman locker rooms. I will never have gender reassignment surgery because I have a fear of hospitals. Also, the woman I believe I am on the inside is a lesbian.
Go back to your own sub Zesty! 	I'M A FREE SPIRIT DAMMIT
[](/ajlie 'It undulates rhythmically. Beware its beady eyes.')Completely relevant.	[](/kittyshy-invert-rotate)
[](/vsdrunk)I don't know if I can handle that.	[](/lyrahappy) man you have to see the rest of the game newlinechar  newlinechar it gets worse! 
Googled Diamondbacks 19 and got this newlinechar http://www.denverpost.com/ci_23608690/d-backs-fans-salute-heroes	Ah, makes sense, thanks. I didn't know how to use the googley powers to figure it out.
That's why you play the tutorial.	The tutorial isn't very good. :/
I don't know if that's public knowledge, but its pretty embarrassing.	How much of that has gone into New York mobsters pockets who control the construction industry?
Ah, misunderstood your question. newlinechar  newlinechar Truth be told I have no idea what to expect from Obamacare but I don't expect it to be good.	It will be good for you if you plan in leaving your corporate job and work on your own. Without it insurance is insane. 
“I am the punishment of God...If you had not committed great sins, God would not have sent a punishment like me upon you.” - Genghis Khan. Or at least some historians claim he said that. 	I think that was actually Attila the Hun
There is no conspiracy and if you think Obama is being treated the same way Bush was I'd say you should see an analyst.	Who are you referring to when you say that, though?  'Pretty much everyone who ever had a negative thing to say about Bush' is a meaningless thing to say, because I would hope that encompasses 100% of the population... no president should go unscrutinized or uncriticized, and if you think the left in this country is mindlessly positive about everything Obama does you have things completely wrong. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: I think the main problem I have is that it seems like you believe that Democrats just can't wait to go over and invade Syria.  This is really not the case.  If you have to make the claim that there are no anti-war protests, this isn't an accurate claim, because there are.  If you're claiming that they're irrelevant because they're not as big as the anti-Iraq War protests, then I'd say the main difference is that we haven't even figured out what the scale of our operation is going to be.
The [commands](http://magiccards.info/query?q=command+e%3Alw%2Fen+not%3Adestroy&amp;v=card&amp;s=cname) from Lorwyn are what I immediately think of.	the modes on commands are chosen when they are cast.
you're redditing a little too seriously.	I don't really care at all. Just pointing something out. 
Not much to contribute, but thought I'd share that only having known them both as (among) the go-to institutions for post-grad professional qualifications, I saw this and had a quick look into BPP, and more surprising then the fact they offer basic LLBs they're also seemingly cheaper then the majority of popular universities offering a 'practice focused' study, which is a quality I feel general LLB courses in the UK are very much in need of. 	Hope you get some idea as to professional opinion on such schools, though I'm lead to believe that where you study draws lesser focus from employers as time goes on, to study at one of the few institutions offering LPC etc, study much more hands on and day to day then the academics of the average LLB would assumedly be quite attractive to employers...
Those that complain want their own personal music on it. newlinechar  newlinechar When its not about that, its about what fits the aesthetics and the game. newlinechar  newlinechar For instance, Heavy Metal. newlinechar  newlinechar Just doesn't suit this game. It isn't as popular in the era it is set in either and is not what people would associate Los Angeles with. newlinechar  newlinechar Like someone already pointed out, cruising down grove street and in the suburbs to Fly Lo FM suits the game. newlinechar  newlinechar Listening to Rammstien doesn't. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: I realize I sort of come off here as someone who has it out for Metal, but its purely an example and I used it as most people seem to be complaining that there isn't any in the game. I mean other examples your could use is Trance or even Dubstep, sure Dubstep is probably relevant for the era. But does it fit? No. newlinechar  newlinechar And just for the record I do like Rammstien, and some other stuff, but I wouldn't call myself a Metal fan.	Exactly !  newlinechar  newlinechar Nah really IMO these previews show us a real good start so far, I think it's gonna be awesome, Rockstar knows, Rockstar will deliver.
[anything for that karma](http://i.imgur.com/5TxU6.jpg)	got me ;)
They have 90 Sepal antiship missiles too, but they are old, from 1986... newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.fas.org/nuke/guide/russia/theater/ss-n-3.htm newlinechar  newlinechar Do you think they could still work?	Yeah. I've seen some of those massive ASMs go off, and they look fucking kickass. I think they would still work, but again, boat missile defence is still pretty good. Not sure how good against something that big though...
If you don't remember, the guy is diving into downtown Los Santos. This gives us a nice preview of the scale.  newlinechar  newlinechar I can't wait to go up to Mt. Chilliad and see the view above the clouds	View los Santos from that peak
Prepare to lose all of your money!	[](/abchaos) SELLSELLSELL
I actually didn't know. The only one I seem to have is Rise of the Mongols, do you unlock new ones when you complete old ones? (I'm rather new to Civ)	I have never actually played them so I can't say for sure but I think you have to buy them as DLC. newlinechar  newlinechar I know a few came with Brave New World and Gods and Kings.
When you buy a ticket you're not only buying a space for your body, but also all the extra equipment a passenger needs. Surely the weight difference between a fat person and a thin person is pretty insignificant given that the plane must also carry seats, toilets, safety equipment etc?	This is the same industry that charges $50 for a 20lb suitcase. So charging for additional passenger weight wouldn't be all that out of line with their current practices.
I've spent hours upon hours perfecting lots.  The improvements to build mode over the series is great.	Same! Then about 15 minutes of game time all I want to do is start again and built another lot.
Just admit you hate freedom of speech. 	freedom of speech isn't forcing an opinions down other peoples throats 
If it make you feel better, I would've done the same. 	I do often think, when I feel guilty about some less-than-gentlemanly actions in which I've engaged, 'What would 'Rubbinmysloth' have done?' When those thoughts and my actions seem to be in agreement, I suddenly feel as though a great weight has been lifted.
What's your minimap? Dear god, I want it.	It's sexymap reshape into a heart. newlinechar  newlinechar Just remove all the boarders and set the shape to a heart
I must be misunderstanding something, because I thought that [WiMAX](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WiMAX) had been around for 10 years already.	This is ad-hoc and cheap.
Sounds good.	Sweeeet! the group grows
Thats some good shit right there fellas...makes you look like a loving guy instead of an ass.	and the fact is most of the people in deadbedroooms are loving partners, but our spouses just don't 'get it' about the connection between love, sex, and emotions for us.
Cuánto te salió el bondi a Rosario? 	3,75 subsidiado. newlinechar  newlinechar ^(Creo que esta a 185 masomenos.)
Fun with numbers: Alabama's doesn't have a drive today over 50 yards.	Fun with numbers, Alabama is averaging 1.9 yds/carry, excluding nothing.
So cool...oculus looks better and better as time passes. Imagine playing an mmo in first person with both you and friends wearing it, talking to each  other while doing raids . How immersive the experience would be. 	Mother: 'JIMMY JESUS CHRIST YOU JUST BEAT YOUR FATHER TO DEATH WITH A BASEBALL BAT!!' newlinechar  newlinechar Jimmy: 'OH FUCK FUCK FUCK!!! I was playing WoW!! I thought I killed fucking Illidian!! FUCK DAD ARE YOU OK??'
Everyone always forgets Bummer Drummer. newlinechar  newlinechar Tss-t-t-tss-t-t	Maybe I wouldn't forget about him if I didn't have to worry about these damn Mexicans. newlinechar  newlinechar ba-dum-dum-dum
Weird mine is blue	Blue is adult newlinechar  newlinechar Orange is concession newlinechar  newlinechar Some people got orange even though they're adults.
After I get the beat buy card I go to the kiosk, order online and wait about 10-20 min for store pick up. You might be able to find the item cheaper online and pick it up asap. That's how I beat the system. 	Ah, ok. So that's a no, you can't buy a gift card on one pass through the register, pick up an item for purchase, and then check out, using the gift card you just bought?
First game of the year. newlinechar  newlinechar Thunder not played in forever. newlinechar  newlinechar Feeling Salty!	Sorry, not looking forward to the calls for Bell after halftime...
Plus we own the Cards this year, which is nice	We really do. The reds kinda have our number, but we have yours. It's how the game works.
Lucina	[Lucina?](http://images2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20121026204144/fireemblem/images/a/a1/Lucina_official_art.jpg)
Same here.	yup
Used to be out of necessity, but the tradition stuck so they still do it	That's almost as awesome as entering to the theme from *2001: A Space Odyssey*. Almost.
I always upvote everyone. 	SO DO I 
yea ;) newlinechar 	They're pretty sheer, so it's more like a tease. :P
$7.02! No seriously though i would pay a bit more than whatever it is they are worth, i figure maybe 150? Idk the msrp	Msrp at my store is 153
you're gonna get a lot of angry replies to this, but SK La Flare definitely bodied Pre newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: if you didn't know who SK La Flare was before this album you don't deserve to talk shit on him	 newlinechar La Flare shit the bed on Pre, don't even get me started
Yeah! Just like that Wriggle guy!	Yeah just hi- wait....
Yeah I know, it's a difficult system full of huge holes. Basically, any injuries caused by every day day to day kind of stuff, or excersize, would be covered, but only the things that everyone KNOWS is bad for you, such as smoking, drunk driving, drugs, obesity, would be on you. It's not a practical system, I agree, but would be perfect if someone could make it work.	It would be very hard to implement when mental illnesses are taken into consideration, too. Take the case of a failed suicide. Should that person have to pay their hospital bills in full for the treatment that kept them alive against their will? What about alcoholics who are self-medicating bipolar disorder with alcohol (have one of those in my family, btw)? I honestly think medical treatment and coverage of it shouldn't be based on a system that pays or doesn't pay out based on culpability criteria. newlinechar  newlinechar Now, I DO think that incentivizing healthier lifestyles and behaviors IS a good system, though. As in --- offer discounts to the people who exercise at least 30 min a day 5x per week, to bipolars who take their mood stabilizers, the alchoholics who are actively in treatment, the obese who are trying to lose weight or who are improving their diets, etc.
And I'm cool with that, I think that players should be rewarded for their time, whether or not they screw up, and _especially_ whether or not all those _other_ players screw up. I totally agree with those who argued that the mechanics of the original Teq and Shat fights were overly simplistic, and applaud the addition of new mechanics, I just don't like the timer, and think that the build they showed seemed to take way too long to wear down his health. The mechanics look fun, but the amount of time you have to put up with them made them seem boring. 	&gt;I think that players should be rewarded for their time, whether or not they screw up, and especially whether or not all those other players screw up. newlinechar  newlinechar If you go into a fight knowing for certain that the reward is locked behind teamwork, you should be rewarded and punished for succeeding or failing at teamwork.  That goes for parties of 5 or 50. newlinechar  newlinechar And I don't think players are entitled to loot just for showing up.  Especially when most of PvE is completely faceroll already and it's not like Tequatl will give vital loot - the ascendeds will undoubtedly be too rare to rely on.
If he's 100%, that goes out. I think it's obvious that his shoulder still isn't 100% and his lack of power is showing that. He's had so many fly balls to the warning track this year. I just pray he's fully healthy next year.	The power still isn't there but the throws seem to have gotten a little less goofy lately. Maybe the shoulder's coming back.
[](/twiquite) That is quite the clop pic	[](/derpfun)I think it's the butts that really sold me on clop.
&gt;unless your stopping a robbery **or rape**	haha i know, thats what i was getting at
I will! I fucking love ducks	Wrong word order there Mr.  Monkey.
Yeah, it's really cool they're showing the whole opening.	They did the same thing with the USC-NC game Thursday, too. It was really cool, and I hope they keep it up throughout the season. It's awesome to see other school's traditions.
Ah, makes sense, thanks. I didn't know how to use the googley powers to figure it out.	It's a good thing you're pretty.
I...France, just carry a thermometer. It's not that hard, man.	But it's not discreet!
lfjc,jfbjlckfjsfzjisfklagh	A WILD SPOOK HAS APPEARED!
Trying to figure this out as well. Do they practice somewhere else then come in? Or do they actually practice on the field. Leave to get on a bus, drive around in a circle and then come back onto the field? I feel like I'm missing something.	See my comment above.
&gt; I'll estimate your age at 21 - so for you retirement will likely happen in approximately 60 years newlinechar  newlinechar Wait, why are you assuming he'll retire at age 81? Especially since he said he's aiming for retirement in his mid-40s.	Yep, my math was off there.  I was shooting for mid-sixties retirement just mixed up my numbers.
That's pretty dissapointing. One of the greatest things would be being able to farm, explore, craft, do whatever you like and then just enter the dungeon and be back immediately afterwards. newlinechar  newlinechar Even RIFT had this years ago, are they unable, unwilling or inept?	It's a design decision. They don't want people just silently matching up with others and teleporting to dungeons as it's done in WoW, for example. You still have to talk and socialise with your group and get your character to dungeons, which to be fair requires very minimal effort considering how well connected the dungeons are with waypoints.
Thanks, and I don't recall the exact exposure, but it was in the 3-8s range. I froze the sea with a flash. I guess this photograph might count as a less-over-exposed type of image ;).	You froze the sea with a flash... really?
Plays way too aggressive	It's not even aggressive. It's just dumb. You can play Tristana aggressively and *not* be facetanking the enemy Rumble.
Not necessarily.  newlinechar  newlinechar All votes are not created equally. The more people who vote, the less your vote counts.	Or the corollary, the less people who vote the more each vote counts.  By not voting you are directly increasing the influence of opinions that aren't yours.
What constitutes fair warning?	Landing in front of them on my most intimidating mount, and ordering them to flee via emotes such as /flee. If they persist, then I might give them a second warning such as a strangulate to stun them, wait for it to wear off, then see how they react.
[](/lyrahappy) man you have to see the rest of the game newlinechar  newlinechar it gets worse! 	[](/cutevinyl)I want to say that isn't even possible, but with the shit we've already seen from that game it probably is.
HAHAHAHAHAHA	###**HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA**
Jindal needs only to look in the mirror to find out who is Incompetent and Ideological.  	I don't imagine he sees himself the way everyone else sees him.
No offence, i played BF3 on both PC and PS3 but the games are SO different.. newlinechar  newlinechar Even tho the maps are the same, the way they are played is so different. newlinechar  newlinechar ____ newlinechar  newlinechar Even my convert friends say the same	None taken. At least now we'll get to experience what you guys have had all along :)
/r/ketogains should be your next stop for sure. I started strength training a month ago and couldn't be happier. The weight loss slows down but I love the newly developed muscle tone. 	I still have a lot of fat to lose...  But once I hit like 230 I'll start looking into more toning stuff. Thanks for the r/ketogains plug though! Been looking through it. 
&gt;banging her would violate several of his rules newlinechar  newlinechar What rule? Well, she is a little old, but there are multiple times where he has ignored that rule (the time with the ugly overalls and Merry Poppin). But anything else? newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;rule because of hotness. newlinechar  newlinechar [She wasn't that bad when she was younger](http://fransischa.files.wordpress.com/2010/01/oprahwinfrey.jpg). And it might be that he has a rule about celebrities, changing the hotness limit.  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Ted would have told his children (in graphic detail) about a sexual encounter with a celebrity of her magnitude if it had happened. newlinechar  newlinechar He might have happened before he started his story. In which case we wouldn't see Ted telling it in the show. 	Geez that's a high resolution picture...
Spin for damage control and he's undermining parliament on twitter: newlinechar  newlinechar https://twitter.com/David_Cameron/status/373872179655749632	Hashtag Syria. Christ.
I nearly dropped my phone in laughter.	I was expecting you to say shit.
He has made probably every special teams tackle I have seen tonight.	minus the time he got the shit blocked out of him
Thanks! What kind of value do you think I could get from Thompkins? I will admit I am one of those people giving him a ton of hype, but If I can get a Josh Gordon or Chris Givens in my mind that is a good deal. What do you think?	I have no idea, since I neither own him, nor would I (given his ADP).  newlinechar  newlinechar But Pats fans in your league would gobble him up, and just about any Redditors would too. Could probably get Stevie for him 1 for 1 if you sold him hard enough.
This is a post about taking a shit and your first thought is masturbation?	Hey, some people have busy lives and the ability to multitask is a huge asset!
And with that, I wish you the best of luck.	You too. Thanks a bunch.
I'm not sure if that would be hilarious or inspiring. I'd love to see this happen though.	Alright, I'll try my best.  newlinechar  newlinechar See you on Wednesday! (my first day of school) 
I'm actually quite confused that you talk as if it's normal to want to physically hurt someone for something they've done to someone else. newlinechar  newlinechar They deserve the worst kinds of punishments and social exclusion we use.  Why would you feel a need to physically attack them??  I'm being genuine, I don't understand the mentality at all, it has no purpose, no aim, no viable goal (you have taken their freedom already and the crime doesn't concern your or anyone you know), it's illogical.	People (particularly parents) tend to drop all forms of logic when it comes to this shit.
Holy shit! They do! And they have them in 8.5 newlinechar  newlinechar Dude, I don't know how to be discrete about this so I'm just gonna say it. I think you just gave me a chubby bro. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 	If you're interested i can give you a 20% off code.
i.minus? i'll be able to load it by next millenium. 	well kinda too short to justify a youtube clip and incredibly hard to meet the incredibly small 2mb limit on imgur and have a decent quality with just virtualdub. but [since you asked so nicely](http://i.imgur.com/KppEu4w.gif)  newlinechar  newlinechar ^^^^seriously ^^^^im ^^^^terrible ^^^^at ^^^^gif ^^^^compression ^^^^someone ^^^^help ^^^^him ^^^^out 
Decoration on the first one: Try first drawing the dots, and then only draw edges [when it is possible to place a circle (any position .. any size) that touches the edges end-points but contains no other points than the end-points](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delaunay_triangulation).  newlinechar  newlinechar What you have drawn looks very much like a combinatorial mathematical construction called an alpha complex, even though you drew a bit too many edges. Alpha complexes follows the rule I described above, plus one more that limits the length of the edges. 	Thanks, that's very helpful!
It really was actually quite fun :) newlinechar  newlinechar Going to try stockades next! newlinechar  newlinechar Leveled from 19-21 from xp of kills and quests	Did this on my Pally for all the quest items back during BC or something... Took forever but it was totally doable...
Before 1997 he was. After that he was much better.	Nope, still quite the dick.
Dunno why you got a downvote for that. Have an extra upvote. 	Aw thanks Panda! I just think a few people on here dont like me x} newlinechar  newlinechar Have one back.
You're up to +89. Just 11 to go.	Can't wait. I've got party poppers and a marching band on stand-by. newlinechar      newlinechar Also, SO SO SO SO SO SO SO SO SO SO many potatoes. 
Joe Saunders, everybody!	He'll be here all night....
No it isn't. It is the third week. Perhaps you weren't lucky enough to have these same problems in open beta, which was three weeks ago. 	Open Beta was TWO Saturdays ago = 14 days = 2 weeks, not three. Anyway probably would've sucked to have you and your negative attitude as a party member. Good bye
I am! This game's great already! The combat is so fluid and badass. 	The combat gets even better. And the story, oh you will enjoy the hell right out of it. 
I'm kinda sad wozniacki is winning right now. Georgi has played the better match.  newlinechar  newlinechar Those winners are insane!	Giorgi is still doing really well. 
It's a good thing you're pretty.	edit: fuckin hell that's a weird link. [Mirrored.](http://i.imgur.com/ny5eSVn.gif) newlinechar  newlinechar That first link was probably given to me by a Dodger fan.
The problem is that reddit is my hobby at the moment.	Same for me.  But I take an hour out of each day to bike.  You don't have to be devoted to your hobby, you can just do it a little bit.
Swift is pretty cool. She stays out of the tabloids for doing drugs and shit. Instead she's hounded for her love life. 	If she's hounded for who she dates, she's not a bad person. One Directions pretty grounded too.
*Oh God I wasn't expecting this day to come so quick..* umm.. nothing honey go back to bed, you'll find out when you're older..	Lions are older than your franchise son.
Or causing an infinite loop...	There's always a man, there's always a reddit thread.
[](/swordsmile-r) Ah, I didn't know you were a student of the place. 	[](/twiblush)I stopped advertising it. newlinechar  newlinechar Especially after she tried to kill me. But that means I can help more...
Yep, I noticed that (feels all guilty for not trying to submit something).  I figure that if we can get it out to other relevant subs and the Paizo/WOTC forums and not just make it exclusive to this sub, then maybe something will materialize.  I know for me that the idea of making maps is stressful, but putting together a text encounter is less so.  The terrain and mapping part is always what takes the most planning for me. newlinechar  newlinechar Maybe this will work, maybe it won't.	I totally understand that about putting together a map.  In the very beginning a few people (including myself) had even mentioned just putting pencil to graph paper for a quick easy map.  I'm getting better with pyromancers.com and I think my last map of the goblin treetop village only took me about 30 minutes or so. newlinechar  newlinechar Haha and I like this sub ... I'd rather not deal with the folks in /r/rpg and the PFS guys over in /r/pathfinder don't need maps. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: And I do intend to keep going forward with maps and whatnot for my Ridgway setting.  It will at least end up giving me a bunch of ready-made maps to throw onto Roll20.
Oh my yes.  How old are you?  What are you interested in?  There are many different fields that use you type of skills!	I will be 20 years old next month. Apart from art I really, really like music. To play, make and listen to it. 
but for those of us who have little choice but to drink diet/sugar free beverages due to conditions such as Type 1 Diabetes, you really appreciate the flavor of Zero over Diet, especially since seemingly nowhere sells Pepsi max which IMO is arguably the best sugar free Cola available. newlinechar  newlinechar So next time you think someone is obnoxious for asking for zero, consider that they might have to drink diet and perhaps, just perhaps they choose zero because it tastes better. newlinechar  newlinechar tl;dr diet coke is nasty, zero is ok and nowhere sells Pepsi max so stop  being so judgmental because they might have to drink diet.	You've made me change my ways. Thank you so much for enlightening me.
&gt; No, he's racist because he points out 'haha look, we're working with racist tropes!' and then does nothing to parody it. Just making something self-aware that it's racist doesn't make it subversive, it just makes it unabashedly racist. newlinechar  newlinechar That is exactly what happened to *Family Guy* over time. It went from 'lol, look how racist and misogynist this silly white New Englander is' to 'lol women and minorities, amirite?'	I've discussed this exactly. Seth McFarlane's defenders used 'satire' as an excuse when he did the 'I saw your boobs' song too, and if it is satire, okay, fine, but the majority of his audience isn't in on the joke, and he is certainly still cashing their checks.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I think this sort of laziness just happens in TV after awhile. Same thing with the Simpsons. It went from being satirical pop culture stuff, to just topical. More observational humor than societal satire. It's a shame. 
Thanks for the input man!	Sure thing, it's nice seeing some love for the M4!
Dude, I don't think it's intended to be serious life advice. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Apologies, I inferred you were a dude but now realize it is technically ambiguous based on your comment.	No worries.  For the record, I am a guy.  Also, Dude is probably at the point where it could be used for both?  I say dude to girls all the time.
Textbook case of the saying, 'If he didn't have bad luck, he'd have no luck at all.'	henceforth known as *The Pastrana Effect* newlinechar  newlinechar *applies to current Jeff Gordon, Denny Hamlin and Elliot Sadler
eh, the fight between superman and faora was better imo. the ending between superman and zod was way too over the top and a bit boring. 	I just meant like from the first time Superman threw Zod till the SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER neck snap
This is the same industry that charges $50 for a 20lb suitcase. So charging for additional passenger weight wouldn't be all that out of line with their current practices.	That's because they can, not necessarily because they need to or should.
My moral code isn't dependent on whether a business can afford my lies or not. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;  Meanwhile corporations get over on us left and right. newlinechar  newlinechar You seem to have a grudge against big business.	The grudge was a few years ago.  It's bigger than that now.
That's a simple yet nicely made looking cup/mug.  Does it attach to a belt buckle or bag as it looks like it does?	Yes it can, the handle is a functionnal snaplink.
The Ringke Slim is great	This is absolutely the thinnest, smallest case I have. I have it in white and I love how thin it feels.
Consoles making a comeback? When did they ever die out?	Welcome to the world of video game journalism, a world where only the most slack jawed morons thrive.  newlinechar  newlinechar Monkeys can't make Shakespeare, but they sure can churn out these gaming 'news' sites.  
Powerpuff Girls.	Powerpuff Girls is loaded with references and things not only suitable for kids. Like the Cartmen reference or HIM who is a freaking devil transvestite! They also beat shit up all the time and its quite full of violence
Do it! I have actually kept every single letter of encouragement or thanks that I have received since starting college. I keep them in their own box and when I'm having a meh day I open the box, read a few, and it reminds me that I am playing a significant part in the grand scheme of things.	That's a really great idea. I'm a big fan of saving things for sentimental value and taking them out when you're having a bad day is just the perfect thing sometimes. I'm gonna find a box to use. :)
Again sorry its taking so long D: hope it meets your expectations 	Don't even worry about that! And I am so sure it'll be amazing just because you did it :)
Really? I agree that the outcry of 'moral collapse' comes a little too often and a little too free, but being an Atheist doesn't mean that you dispose entirely of any notion of morality. In fact that is one of the biggest christian myths about atheists  that 'if you don't believe in god,  you should be raping stealing and murdering.'  Women, especially young women, are definitely overly sexualized by our media, it doesn't matter if you're a humanist or a calvinist, there are serious negative consequences to the exploitation of one entire half of our species. If we treated them like equals, and not like fuck toys, maybe our society would run smoother from a pragmatic point of view. Atheism is not hedonism, try to be good without god.	Everyone should be treated equally; as fuck toys.
Beat is perhaps not the best word here. Ladies, think of your labias...do not do anything to a man's ballsack you would not want done to one of those.  newlinechar  newlinechar (In general, anyways. There are exceptions...maybe some guys who like a Louieville Slugger to the boys, or ladies who get off on dildos the size of watermelons...but it's perhaps in the minority of encounters...).	This is probably the best (and least frightning) sex advice I've seen on this site.
If holding everyone to the same standard and having all sides equally represented is the the 'problem' then I am guilty. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;that's probably why when you step out of the r/conservative bubble you get down voted out of site like a pest. newlinechar  newlinechar There's that blindspot thing again.  Consensus doesn't equal truth. newlinechar  newlinechar One day you'll learn that when your kid(s) asks you why they can't do something if everybody else is.	I'm not saying consensus is truth I'm saying you are not the ultimate judge of good and bad, right or wrong. If you were some model moderator, maybe you'd carry more weight with your smug elitist attitude, but you're the farthest thing from anyone I'd ever care to associate with. 
Awesome; thanks! newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Out of context bit from an earlier part I find strangely relevant: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; “Nor was it, surely, for the sake of being noticed, for even madmen are noticed by everybody.”	No problem. I think Xenophon's incredibly underrated, I love getting other people to read his stuff!
I reported that thread, wish I could make it to really rub it in Texas fans' faces. :)	ಠ_ಠ 
I've not heard of that, what's the premise? Is from somewhere other than the us?	Yeah, it's British. The two hosts make up all of the jokes/answers/rules and don't really care about any of it. The whole thing is just surrealist comedy really. Most of the questions are strange jokes. You can find clips of it on youtube.
Probably. Its hard to tell in the written form. Hell I am just bad at sarcasm, no use denying it anymore. MOTHER I suck.... at sarcasm.	I am quite in tune to sarcasm as I am a very sarcastic person myself, however I applaud you on your sucking capability as many believe it is the lowest form of wit. Huehue.
Again we are in agreement that mining is indeed the ideal form of distribution. With that said we have a particular application here that is built on the existing Bitcoin blockchain and not an alternative blockchain, thus mining is not an option open to us.  newlinechar  newlinechar Therefore the question becomes what is the best non-mining option? There are plenty of potential answers (some better than others), random distribution, give aways, distribution for tech development or business development. I think J.R. sincerely believes that this mixed approach of offering them Kickstarter style to those that support the features + a small pool for tech dev and bus dev purposes is a logical solution. And I agree with that conclusion.  newlinechar  newlinechar As to the scam issue again I'd say that someone has to benefit from a scam for it to make sense. Well here is a guy (J.R.) that put up a $100K plus of his own BTC because he believes in this effort. As has been pointed out below he isn't going to get back those dollars back as a salary, but instead those BTC will go to developers and so I'm not sure how he is benefiting unless he sincerely believes the project will have utility.  newlinechar  newlinechar And your point is well taken. If the market decides there isn't utility in the project than the funds put to this purpose will not generate a great outcome.  newlinechar  newlinechar I'll be sure and work to see these funds are spent transparently and cash efficiently, because yes you can count me among the people who supports this effort.  newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks again for all your input.	He put 100k+ of his money into a Bitcoin account that he has the private keys to. That's not any kind of an investment on his part, it's shuffling money from one pocket into the other. When this 'mastercoin' isn't worth shit a few months from now he'll still have all of his Bitcoins (and everyone else's). 
Good on you. I don't know what the demographics are for Charlottesville, but I'm going to have to say that probably plays a large roll. Please don't deactivate though, you have an awesome profile. Honestly, as a girl I would want to be your friend. Just keep trying and keep your chin up!! 	Aw, thank you! :)
ah.   chalk that up to no sleep and the whole morning in animal ER helping a neighbour.    at least behind dugout he can holler on our boys!	damn that sucks for u
so a few weeks ago I fell and broke both my wrists in 5 places while boarding... Any tips on some new gear I should get?? (I already have a helmet)	Slide gloves are really important if you don't have any, could have potentially stopped you from breaking your wrist.
Why did I watch that whole thing again? 	Maru.
I think he did well! He's not a great singer but so many people fuck that up.	Cahill was tearing up a little at the beginning. I think the anthem should be changed because it gets messed up so often. It's disrespectful when it gets messed up. Cahill's son held his own though.
Oh I was under the assumption that mods have to make it	no it is up to the users
Didn't see Togepi in the middle?	Wow, can't believe I missed that..
It would be very hard to implement when mental illnesses are taken into consideration, too. Take the case of a failed suicide. Should that person have to pay their hospital bills in full for the treatment that kept them alive against their will? What about alcoholics who are self-medicating bipolar disorder with alcohol (have one of those in my family, btw)? I honestly think medical treatment and coverage of it shouldn't be based on a system that pays or doesn't pay out based on culpability criteria. newlinechar  newlinechar Now, I DO think that incentivizing healthier lifestyles and behaviors IS a good system, though. As in --- offer discounts to the people who exercise at least 30 min a day 5x per week, to bipolars who take their mood stabilizers, the alchoholics who are actively in treatment, the obese who are trying to lose weight or who are improving their diets, etc.	I know, its in no way practical. I don't plan on trying to take over HealthCare and imlpement this. I just think, if someone managed to develop omnipotent superpowers, and could be 100% unbiased, then it would be the perfect system. That's not likely to happen though... 
Illegal? and 'who decides' what 'should be legal' and what 'shouldn't be'??? newlinechar  newlinechar You're the type of people who would *make* abortion 'illegal' and be the first to tie people to the stake for having one ... until the day comes when *you* needed one!    newlinechar Then the 'law' will *have to be changed*!! after all  'how can this be *illegal?* newlinechar  you people are fuckin *tripping!*	I said all of that?
Damn you google mapped that shit and everything. 	No I didn't. But there's only one strip club worth going too. 
Yep. In 2 the problem was he could accidentally miss his target and hit you instead. Considering he normally used a minigun, he would sometimes accidentally kill the player. It is pretty annoying. Other than that, he was an awesome companion. They actually used the same voice actor for both games and he looks exactly the same, down to the lumps on his face.	That's pretty cool.
Are you serious? He and Dillon just spent a good few laps side by side for the lead, he's in no way running away with this one, at least not yet.	&gt; at least not yet. newlinechar  newlinechar 
[](/twihug) I've forgotten how homesick I can get	[](/lbcuddles)Well your home now!
Damn. Were you able to steam them all or did some goto waste? newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks for responding, I never realized how interested I was in the cooking of lobsters...	We steamed most of them. Broke up a lot and sold their claws and tails by weight. The rest we sold whole for cheap.
I'm so sorry. 	He was a good man
Anyone has more info on this?	Yea, these are illegal just as the one where the rich guy build a fucking mountain on top of a building. These will be destroyed along with that one. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Link to the idiots who downvoted... http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-china-23677990 newlinechar  newlinechar 'China orders demolition of rock villa on high-rise roof'
They're making a sequel?! I though Knife of Dunwall and Brigmkre Witches were supposed to be the closest things to sequels.	http://www.pcgamesn.com/dishonored/dishonored-sequel-still-cards-say-bethesda-we-try-not-wade-anything-one
One time I rode that and the kid who was supposed to secure us didn't completely latch the safety bar thing and mine was loose the whole ride. I had to hang onto my friend next to me and his bar. That was probably almost as scary as your situation.	Wow, that would be terrifying. Especially that part where the tracks tilt at like a 45 degree angle and the cars stop and then slowly creep forward as you are hanging there looking at the ground way below. Doing that not latched would be terrifying and incredibly dangerous. 
the president of value nation	And the mayor of Valuetown
Can't wait. I've got party poppers and a marching band on stand-by. newlinechar      newlinechar Also, SO SO SO SO SO SO SO SO SO SO many potatoes. 	+90.
[](/derpfun)I think it's the butts that really sold me on clop.	[](/xx27) For me it was the huge horse cocks
My dad.  Still is.	Ditto. He really is such an *asshole*.
Or use an oxygen controller to fill the inside with oxygen, and have it realistically blast out of open doors. Ships with multiple rooms would have to have air ducts. Therefore, new block: vent (solid block that air can flow through). I know it would take a lot of coding, but it would be awesome. 	I agree. Air must only be inside the sealed ship, with the oxygen supply. If the oxygen block is exposed to the outside through any hole, then the air in the ship drops to 0.
I doubt we'll do jack shit. Be prepared for another year of shitty D and all the pressure on #12.	Well we are at 51 players (source: Reiss) so its likely we are gonna bring in help at DT at least.
Sorry, I'm from Athens originally, so this is weird for me. Just moved to a new city. I'm totally with you, that's definitely how it sounded.	Well, now I feel like a butthole. Go dawgs?
Ha I get by on €20-30 a week for food, although I do steal a lot of shit from home. Like meat and bread and noodles and herbs and spices and pretty much half my shop.	haha. enjoy it while you can! Having kids certainly bumps up the price of food shopping :P Plus my parents live too far for me to steal food anymore =[ Other wise I'd be at my moms raiding her food right about now haha
/r/rcc? :D	Yep.
Real life negative karma isn't a good thing. You may want to rethink your strategy.	I agree. I always work on holding my tongue.
If you're interested i can give you a 20% off code.	Nah man, I hate saving money. newlinechar  newlinechar hahaha, of course I'll take the code! how long does it last for? I have to wait for a check to clear real quick before I order them. Couple days.
&gt;She'll be right mate. newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY	Dammit I knew that didn't sound right.
Forget the hookers as well. Lets take non-productivity to the max!	&gt;Forget the hookers newlinechar  newlinechar ಠ_ಠ newlinechar Get out.
You must not be married.	Your wife won't/can't titty fuck you?
Aren't they hebrews?	Not really. Hebrew is the language, and as of the establishment of Israel, it's generally considered derogatory to refer to modern Jews as Hebrews.
I'm down to play! Let me get set up real quick first. Here's my FC: 5241-6232-1212	alright i'm adding you now newlinechar Edit: sent.
u wot m8 i'll bang u up	1v1 me m8
Clearly he is. He's writing this to feel better in the sense of 'Hey I may be an aspie but at least Im not a brony!!'. This shit is even worse than the current top post of 'hurr durr someone called OP with a toe problem a faggot'.	[Troubled?](http://i.imgur.com/N10jIGh.jpg)
Never the wrong night to watch baseball	January 2
You should try posting this to /r/funny too. It might get a lot of upvotes there.	Thank you for the advice. I will do that asap!
What kind of cheese?	Shredded cheddar.
[ggggg](http://www.reddit.com/r/ggggg/)	Wtf is going on
at least hes not wearing cargo shorts like all the fucking douchebags on this sub	DON'T YOU TALK SHIT ABOUT CARGO SHORTS.
Since when was this scope in the game? newlinechar  newlinechar And I'm a simple man, I love the M1911 pistol even though in Bf3, it's sort of shitty.  newlinechar  newlinechar [also aug](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/62/Steyr_AUG_A3.jpg)	Thats ACOG with RDS above it, only game I've seen it so far is ARMA, would be awesome if they could do it in battlefield 4 like this :)
Belichick is not a member of the NFL Coaches Association.	Thanks for the answer. So it's kinda like a union-type issue thing for him? 
I understand. I'm glad they were there for you!  newlinechar  newlinechar If my family or my wife's family tried to pull the same shit, they probably would never see my kid again. Fuck that, dude.  newlinechar  newlinechar Sounds like maybe cultural influences going on too (filial piety is big in a lot of cultures but not so much mine). I don't know the polite way to ask: what race/ethnicity are your parents? 	My Dad comes from English Protestant heritage but my Mum is Irish Catholic and her family is very big on tradition and family values. It was actually a big deal when she married my Dad because he isn't a Catholic so I guess she always had that rebellious nature in her ;P 
Same for me.  But I take an hour out of each day to bike.  You don't have to be devoted to your hobby, you can just do it a little bit.	I take a couple hours to read, but that doesn't solve my problem about escaping; either I'm escaping into the internet, into a book, into the forest on my bike...
Thank you.  I think I'm actually getting somewhere now. newlinechar  newlinechar First, is this what I'm looking for, and is this a trustworthy source for downloading something I'm going to install and run? newlinechar  newlinechar https://www.downloadster.net/open-office-writer/ newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Things you might be confused by newlinechar  newlinechar Here's another.  Am I supposed to save what I write in some particular form?  If so, what?  Do I save it as an ebook or something? newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Upload an image in jpg format, I prefer 1800px by 2700px. This will be the cover image that people see when they're looking at your book in the store page, and when they look at the cover on their Kindle device. newlinechar  newlinechar I assume I can make this in anything that makes images?  Does it have to be 'jpg format' or can it be something else?  And is the size you mentioned better for some reason than another size?  It seems pretty big to me. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Upload your book file. newlinechar  newlinechar See, to me this is like saying 'put the crate on the truck' and I'm just beginning to see what you're getting at.  My 'book file' is what, exactly?  What I saved in OpenOffice Writer?  I'm guessing that I tell KDP the name of it and it will find it. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; it'll take a few hours to upload newlinechar  newlinechar Hours?  I have to leave my computer sitting as I wait?  Or do you mean it won't show up somewhere for hours, not that the upload actually takes that long? newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; If you don't show nudity and your book doesn't involve incest, bestiality, or other illegal sex acts, you should be fine. newlinechar  newlinechar You mean they'll reject it if you WRITE about things that are illegal??  Or is it just sex things that are illegal that they censor?  That seems bizarre.  What jurisdictions are they talking about, in any case?  If it's just sex things you can't write about, that won't be a problem for me, that's not what I write, but it's still bizarre. newlinechar  newlinechar Final question, does this method publish the ebook everywhere, or is this just for Amazon?	I'm on my phone right now, so I can't check that download link. You can find safe links at openoffice.org though. newlinechar  newlinechar You want to save as .doc, which is Word 95-2003 if I recall correctly. newlinechar  newlinechar Jpg or tiff are the two acceptable formats. The size I suggested will allow you to use it for print at 6x9 if you decide to go that route. I prefer not to close doors for no reason. newlinechar  newlinechar As far as upload the book file, I mean the .doc file you saved, yes. newlinechar  newlinechar Once you submit your document, you do not need to leave you computer sitting. Think of it like dropping your roll of photos at the pharmacy. You don't need to sit there waiting. newlinechar  newlinechar It's just sex things, primarily in America. Only obvious things. Incest and bestiality are the big ones, outside of those you should be fine. newlinechar  newlinechar The good is done though so I have to go. I'll follow up when I get home.
[](/hi) I just like hanging out with you guys. 	[](/djcuddles)Ya, that's the only thing that even makes that game bearable.
Hey you leave the Tech schools alone.	The Great Divide...
I'm assuming this fills from the bottom like an EVOD/ProTank? I've had problems with some juice leaking to the mouthpiece when I refill my evod. Any similar problems with this model? Thanks for all your helpful information! 	Can't answer about the t4, but when you say 'juice leaking to the mouthpiece' when you refill, do you mean that when you turn it over, juice leaks out of the mouthpiece? If so, that's actually just condensed juice that builds up in the tube as you vape. Annoying, but it's not actually a leak. Just a reality of the design. :) 
I don't know if they have a common name, but it is a face made from a [deer rump.](https://www.google.com/search?q=deer+rump+face&amp;client=firefox-a&amp;hs=3Jc&amp;rls=org.mozilla:en-US:official&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ei=I4kiUoaJOu-gsQTI2IHgAw&amp;ved=0CAkQ_AUoAQ&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=657)	http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/1327r4/come_back_to_bed/
More than likely two reasons: newlinechar  newlinechar 1) He loved her, and had rose tinted glasses on for that stuff that he can just explain away. newlinechar  newlinechar 2) People do change over time. Combine that with reason 1, and OP probably had a perfectly fine relationship until he realised it wasn't.	Fuck me. That realization just hit me like a tidal wave. 
www.google.com newlinechar  newlinechar he's the best googler we got! such content! IN EVERY THREAD.	/u/googler ?
yeah the mouse leave action is a bit fidgety. I'll add the hide functions to leaving from all options as well, maybe that will help 	thanks bro.. other than that its a great skin!
It took me a minute to get the Token one. 	I still don't get it... is Token the only black kid at the school so hes 'different' or he's a background character that speaks sometimes?
The only issue is whether to play the game while the servers are going again or GTA 5	As if that's even a choice! newlinechar  newlinechar ;)
My solution was to require them to have a techlab to be produced. Terran would have less of them or have to invest more into the production of them.	This is a pretty good suggestion too!
Fuck. I can't watch the VoDs until Wednesday, and reading these comments is making my balls tingle. newlinechar  newlinechar On a scale of 1 to Lindsay Lohan, how insane was/is TSM's play?	Maybe not an all out blitzed raging Lohan, but definitely more than just tipsy. 
wait wait wait wait what is 'cold' for a shark?	[Great White Shark Range](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Cypron-Range_Carcharodon_carcharias.svg)
I'm not into politics really. Think everyone's a lying twat and yet to be proven wrong.	to be fair thats what the mag points out, all that hypocrisy. lampoons govt figures quite a bit too. what are your hobbies? maybe try and find some publication to do with that
[](/hiflutters)Then yes.	Yay! Isn't it super late where you are? Is pizza still open? 
Do you have the subreddit style on or off?	Yeah it was off.  Don't know why, always had it on.  It's fixed now, thanks.
No you don't, and even if you did that's not awkward.	[If you honestly do not believe me, here is a picture of him a few years later.](http://prntscr.com/1oll81) I have as many pictures as you want, known him since i was about 8
They're already here, they're just not yet being mass produced.	there is so much testing left to be done before you could say it's safe for mass production
No it's true, you only live once. That's a fact.	People say Jesus rose from the dead but by taking the proven and highly scientific hypothesis of 'YOLO,' we can show that Jesus, in fact, did not live twice.  newlinechar  newlinechar [Source](http://imgur.com/lEMobvv) newlinechar  newlinechar Christians: 0 Atheists: Fedorable
Ah.  newlinechar It seems very domesticated. It came right up and landed on my friend's shoulder. He seems comfortable around people,  less some biting. 	I'm kidding, eat it.
Were you disappointed by the lack of bottles/bricks?	Frankly, a brick props would have been fun! I already have too much bottles at home, so i don't really need other ones...
[](/shyexcited) No idea. 	[](/cutevinyl)Well think of one then!
That's because they can, not necessarily because they need to or should.	I'm just saying it would be fair. I get charged for bringing additional bulk and weight onto the plane, so do they.
But then there is the issue of finding a typewriter. I do partially blame my dad for just saying 'that's not true. You don't need a computer.' 	I would have showed him my paper that had points marked off on it for being handwritten and then asked him if I could at least have a typewriter. Of course, Dad could have told you to fuck off, but a typewriter in 2002 would have been pretty cheap.
Link to the ward: http://dota2.gamepedia.com/Nightmare_Beacon newlinechar I think the one existing already is much ebtter because its actually stylized and thought out, resembling one of banes abilities, the one this OP made is very uncreative just making a small bane and making him hold the eye, I mean its made well but still my point is valid.	It's extremely unpolished and has an awful texture.
Its just the way I've been taking my whole life so I'm used to it. What is the better option?	Take the academy road entrance of the 110 I think, nobody is ever there.   newlinechar ^^^^/u/Fustrate 
It's not like he's been nerfed in the last 4 patches in row or anything like that.	Sorry I should have said 'nerfed in a way that makes a difference'
Why does the hair have to go?	Have to cut it because of work. They're pretty much not having any of it.
&gt; it's a bit weird that one sex would have a constant growl to their voices and the other sex can speak clearly and enunciate their words newlinechar  newlinechar Secondary sexual characteristic? Kind of like birds where the males all look like they just got back from Carnival in Rio and females are all drab and brown.	Perhaps there was a point in charr development where males attracted mates by scaring off wildlife. Male charr do also have bigger horns, larger manes, and unless I'm mistaken even bigger teeth. Growling could just be part of an overall picture where they're built for intimidation.
http://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/1f8sfr/perhaps_where_they_belong/ca868e5   newlinechar Here's an arsenal.	thank for the link, i saved it for later.
Sorry, not looking forward to the calls for Bell after halftime...	I'm cool with giving the kid time.  He's surrounded by awesome so they should be able to carry him. newlinechar  newlinechar This is a really good group.
You killed the kid? Is that how you got the quest? 	It happened with Jennesa, if you saw my 'EVERY TIME I go on a killing spree' post.
I loved Neverwinter Nights	That game was my childhood. I had the choice to buy that or morrowind. Years of NWN, NWN2, BG, BG2, and DA:O have not left me dissapointed. I finally got around to playing TES and ended up hating morrowinds combat and movement so much I couldn't play it, and hating Oblivions art style so much I couldn't play it.
I don't disagree. We were a complete team. Just tired of people acting like he can't be successful without last year's O-line. We did win the year before that, you know. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: I agree that they made him play better, for sure.	With most of the same o-line though, it worked and it's not going to be the same now. I don't know if McCarron realizes that yet.
a dog in human form no doubt.	Holy fuck this is exactly what I imagine my dog thinks now.
I agree with you man, never really liked Stereotronique, and even Project 46's stuff can be a bit boring sometimes. Haven't really enjoyed Teqq, either. newlinechar  newlinechar Hellberg is really the only name I can see and be excited about when it's an orange Monstercat video.	Why'd you group Steretronique with the rest of those artist when he's a prodominantly electro house artist?
well thx..now im really hard ;)	And now my feet are craving some attention!  ;)
Msrp at my store is 153	200 then? Plus shipping obviously 
[](/xx27) For me it was the huge horse cocks	I'm kinda meh when it comes to cocks. To each their own, though.
gross, is that bonnie and clyde's car where they were shot like 100 times?  keep it classy vegas	Do you feel the same about the Titanic exhibit, or weapons from antiquity (or any time really) being on display? It's history.
###**HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA**	**MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA**
If a fight is unbeatable on first attempt, it has artificial difficulty.  The fight no longer becomes about your skill, but when and if you hit the pitfalls that kill your entire raid and there is nothing you can do about it but rez up and try again.  If this is the case, then the only difference between a top end raider and a high skilled player is that a top end raider is willing to burn a bunch of time the second a patch hits falling into pitfalls.  Personally, burning a bunch of time because the game said I don't deserve to kill a boss until it kills me once is absolutely unappealing. newlinechar  newlinechar Imagine a raid boss like a level in a hard platformer like Super Meat Boy or something.  Sure if you take your time and are cautious you can probably beat every level on your first try, but the execution required alone probably means you are going to make a mistake and have to do it over again.  Death is punishment for making mistakes in your judgement or lack of reflexes, not because you don't know the fight.  Wiping and repeating the fight can make up for poor judgement and lack of reflexes because you will have experience under your belt. newlinechar  newlinechar Basically, what you are saying top end raiders want is trial-and-error gameplay, which is generally reviled by designers and players.  It is good for neither unskilled players nor skilled players, because it emphasizes time invested rather than personal and team capability.  Properly designed challenge allows for underskilled players to use trial-and-error to learn from their mistakes and use experience to make up for their skill, while skilled players can continue progressing or focus on optimizing their strategies. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar   	There have been very very few fights in WoW that in their fixed form could kill you without you having a chance no matter what. In that sense any WoW fight could be seen as beatable on the first try, which matches your definition. This is what I already thought, which simply leads to the question I'm asking; when compared to different WoW raid fights, where will the top end difficulty lie? In a spot that top 50 world guilds will blow through? Or fights that top 3000 world guilds will blow through?
&gt; We will have 25 minutes a day for six weeks to work on this. newlinechar  newlinechar You have *got* to be kidding me! O_O newlinechar  newlinechar With that short amount of time, assuming you don't give them 2+ hours homework to do daily, there really isn't much you would be able to do. They could possibly learn how to solve their math homework in an alternative way, but this would be pretty much it, I think. Admitted, I haven't spend much time researching what is available for kids to learn in such short amount of time, but if you don't mind changing plans here's a brilliant tool: http://scratch.mit.edu/ newlinechar  newlinechar This is an easy-to-use, easy-to-learn, hard-to-master tool that I believe will teach a child how to program much faster than teaching with plain text. You should check out the introduction video on their website. newlinechar  newlinechar How old are kids in 6th grade in USA? 12?	:) I guess that is ambitious.  I was just hoping to introduce them to coding, not actually teach them a whole ton.  Maybe just spark an interest that will lead them to pursue it on their own.   newlinechar  newlinechar In terms of a project, I was thinking about just having them create a simple game.  Guessing numbers or something.  I know it would have to be very basic. newlinechar  newlinechar Yes, these kids are about 12 and will only do this project by choice, so they should already have some interest in it.
Wow, that would be terrifying. Especially that part where the tracks tilt at like a 45 degree angle and the cars stop and then slowly creep forward as you are hanging there looking at the ground way below. Doing that not latched would be terrifying and incredibly dangerous. 	It was terrifying. It's not like I was hanging out of the car or anything but during the ride I was convinced my death was imminent.
[](/shysnooze 'Yeah, well it's too bad I don't.') newlinechar  newlinechar But dude! Aliens is the best game in the ever of ever! 	[](/flutterpout 'aww dont be like that') newlinechar  newlinechar no man custers revenge is the best game ever
Wah. Don't be a fucking fanboy. It's gross.	Fanboy of... what?
It's a map of Seattle.	Oh. Oops. Didn't realize Seattle sup reddit
If that's what you're doing i don't want to know what you're eating....	Eating: The crust from your toilette seat........So this is why she doesn't like me.
Bring a radio for when you require immediate evac.	I'm scared. 
You can do that already..	Wait, really? How? I've put nearly 500 hours into the game, and I'm kind of embarrassed to not know this... newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: if what you mean is that there's a 'sell all trash' function, I already know that. I'm talking about a way to automatically sell everything except items I've marked as 'favorite' WITHOUT having to individually go through and mark them as trash first. If there's a way to do this, please enlighten me.
GOMAD works well, but I'd only go all out with a gallon a day if you are seriously under weight.  Most of us only need an extra 200-500 calories extra a day, and should only gain .5-1 pound a week.  Two or three extra glasses a day should be more than enough.	What about the healthy-ness aspect of this approach, particularly in regard to other comments in this thread?  Hormones, antibiotics, inflammation, etc.  Also, is one month of GOMAD likely to have long term effects/side effects? Is it something that you would do for a month? Two weeks? Six weeks? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks for the response.
Well so far bestow is not going to be very playable...	well.that black spoiled card is extremely bad, but am expecting, we are gonna see a broken bestow card sooner or later.
Hopefully by the time it comes you nails will be a little better :)	... Oooo. I will be hugging it. &lt;3
Nice idea, but I think that all of the miscs and stuff are a bit much. Also, the arm is weird.	its a custom model in beta, so its going to be a bit weird.
I wasn't familiar with the acronym either, but judging by the response I'm guessing it's 'age, sex, location.' Can I get a confirmation?	Yep.
Fifteen years old. I brewed wine in an old plastic milk jug using Welch's grape juice concentrate, sugar, water, and bread yeast. All available to a 15 year old at Walmart for low, low prices.  newlinechar  newlinechar I threw up, but got extremely drunk. I listened to the Kill Bill soundtrack. A week later I went on vacation with my dad to the Florida keys. Good memories. 	That's extremely clever for a 15 year old. 
How does that relate to my question? The title 'Media bias? What media bias?' implies that Murdoch or someone at the papers is trying to deny the bias, which they aren't.	Yeah, re-reading my comment in reply to yours now I have no idea what I was going for. It made sense while I was writing it.
No one man can have all that talent.  Therefor, you must have stolen it using a talent vacuum of some sort from other poor unsuspecting artists.  This picture of Kid Batman finally made me realize: you must be a super-villain. newlinechar  newlinechar [We are now enemies.](http://imgur.com/DkUChb5)	[I'm waiting, Gambit è_é](http://i.imgur.com/bj3PaD6.gif)! (yeah because of the cards. Yep.)
Well at least we have the wedding after the bad wedding to comfort us	After reading all the books... Yep. :D
Eh, there is a big difference between thinking 'freeze peaches' on the privately owned website reddit dot com is kinda silly, and doesn't cover such things as child porn and extreme racist content, versus literally thinking free speech is bourgeois liberal propaganda and anyone who doesn't agree should be sent to literal re-education camps.	You heard it here, folks! Peach apologia from a main SRS mod!  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;literally thinking free speech is bourgeois liberal propaganda and anyone who doesn't agree should be sent to literal re-education camps. newlinechar  newlinechar Funny thing is, one side definitely believes this, verbatim. As this endlessly spammed [article] newlinechar (http://moufawad-paul.blogspot.fr/2012/02/whos-speech-and-for-whom.html) by mods of /r/communism shows (for instance, [here] newlinechar (http://www.reddit.com/r/communism/comments/t25ay/comrades_quick_question_about_censorship/), [here] newlinechar (http://www.reddit.com/r/DebateaCommunist/comments/tsjaa/freedom_of_speech/) and [here] newlinechar (http://www.reddit.com/r/DebateaCommunist/comments/11yvhh/free_speech_compatible_with_communism/c6qs00n)) : newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;In any case, all of this free-speech-is-the-highest-good liberal garbage is something I've found repellant for a very long time.  As a communist I don't care about the supposed 'free speech' of reactionaries: in a revolutionary situation, many of the committed reactionaries who want to protect their hate speech will get themselves killed fighting on the side of the ruling class; the rest should be forced into reeducation programs.
1892 exposure times? I'm thinking maybe this was staged?	 It's a postcard most likely. Even back then they had kitsch. 
Nah man, I hate saving money. newlinechar  newlinechar hahaha, of course I'll take the code! how long does it last for? I have to wait for a check to clear real quick before I order them. Couple days.	Well it's just a $20 off over a $100. I'll have to dig for it though.
the shotgun rounds police carry are not going to defeat body armor.	A shotgun blast to someone wearing body armor will break every bone in their chest. Your ribs and sternum would be split like a log.
How do you make an apple pie? 	Japan!
OH MY GOD, TSM. Their team coordination and synergy has shown tremendous improvements within the last two weeks of boot camp. Was worried that TSM would be on tilt from the TSM drama recently, but they have shown that their hard work and determination paid off and it showed. Grats to TSM, just like last season you prevailed from a shaky season and worked hard to sweep their way to a spot in worlds. Also, I want to note how damn good Dyrus's equalizers were, set up a beautiful triple kill for wildturtle at baron. 	TSM plays so dang well in make or break moments.  Glad to see them fix up their mistakes and bringing it big for the Playoffs.
I'd like more info please.  Who spent $130 million?  Please define 3000 commuters (single fares, round trip tickets, per day, per weekday, what?).   3000 of what type and during what time period?	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capital_MetroRail newlinechar  newlinechar A quick google search actually shows that the rail costs could have been as low as $105 million. Similarly the ridership is also 2800 daily unlinked trips.  newlinechar  newlinechar Once other systems are built or streamlined, the transit synergy is likely to make all of it a better deal.  newlinechar  newlinechar Now could I have more info for the stats you posted?
Damn that really sucks :( here's hoping it continues to get better :)	Eh, it sucked at first, because love always ends in either death, or heartbreak, but after a while, you realize that you're way better off. newlinechar  newlinechar Over the next few months, I spent a lot of time reconnecting with some old friends that I hadn't seen in years. It was great. :D
May look as thought Michigan was the only B1G team prepared for today	Wisconsin won 45-0, so they were also ready.
What I never get in cases like this is what is the the guy was the escapee's brother or simply someone that looked like him? Wouldn't it be better to just call the police and let professionals handle it instead of putting yourself in danger while potentially also committing a huge fuck up?	No, because MURICA
My own Pokéballs, do they not realize how cool just the containers would be if they looked better?	They look like round Easter egg shells.
Don't quote me but i've read rumors they're hooking back up for MOTM 3, but it's probably speculative b.s. at this point. I think they could help him with his production missteps on indicud. 	I think I remember hearing something about that too. Trying not to get my hopes up though.
Maybe that's why his things never worked? 	Because he plans them newlinechar  newlinechar GG newlinechar  newlinechar ^PlzImsryHighlifeBB
I take a couple hours to read, but that doesn't solve my problem about escaping; either I'm escaping into the internet, into a book, into the forest on my bike...	Buy a yacht.  Yachts solve all problems.
The sad thing is i might buy the nids or sw limited book...	Its totally worth it if its your thing, I mean if your going to look at your codex every time you pull it out and go 'FUCK YEAH!!' its well worth the money.
That carb flu is a metabolic state called ketosis. It's highly unlikely they're in ketosis from simply cutting down carbs. They would need to be consuming a very small amount indeed, and it seems they've only cut down sugar, not all carbs.	Yeah, you're right. It didn't occur to me that he/she poetically just cut back.
Charles is so perfect. Whooshes straight past reaction and into reasoning. newlinechar  newlinechar And this was filmed the day I got to meet Finn (and have Kristian show up in the background of the photo)! Such a good day.	I was kind of hoping for a little more reaction from Char;es considering how he'd apparently apologize to Peter Dinkledge all the time because his character is such a douche to Tyrion, but Dance is just perfect. I love how he jumps right in with 'It's a feudal society...' newlinechar  newlinechar Dance is the Man
They switched pick order because Dyrus was not listening to regi's bans I think. But Dyrus is still the toplaner and Reginald is still the midlaner.	officially, dyrus IS mid, and regis IS top.
Shredded cheddar.	Interesting. I've never even thought of cheese with pancakes.
I'm not using a VPS... I said dedicated server.	It's still linux
Me too, although I've read about sleep paralysis way too much and now I'm genuinely terrified of having it happen to me. 	Don't be. Just stay in control. Everything is in your mind, as long as you don't drift into this path, everything will be fine.
[](/cutevinyl)I want to say that isn't even possible, but with the shit we've already seen from that game it probably is.	[](/sbigstare) theres some huge shitty boss fights
[](/twithisshit) This is not clop nor music	It's spider porn. Close enough.
Sorry, only LSU can call their stadium death valley. 	Sorry, but Clemson is Death Valley.  I don't care if LSU shares the name.  It's Death Valley bro.  Get over it.
God damn it. I hate to ask but can I have a link?	http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/cmwov/hey_reddit_what_tattoos_do_you_have/c0tpyls newlinechar  newlinechar Delivered. You're lucky I'm procrastinating right now.
I try to only shit at work so I am technically being paid to shit. 	They make the dollar, I make the dime, so that's why I shit on company time.
TEL ME MOAR!!!	I have to pee because I've been drinking a lot of water.
Which stat? I missed it. 	Over the last four years, Alabama has only allowed 64 touchdowns. newlinechar  newlinechar The next three closest teams on the list have allowed something like 95, 96, and 98 touchdowns respectively.
Porn preferences don't always correlate with real-life preferences. I'm a woman who likes women but I don't like lesbian porn at all, and I never watch/read it.	I didn't know that. I sort of assumed what you liked in real life was what you enjoyed in porn.
2 parent is definitely part of the issue and same sex couples do better than single parents, however, I believe (my own feels) that a child needs deep exposure to both genders as they grow up, same sex parents have to reach out to third parties to provide that exposure, and often do.   newlinechar  newlinechar Women can not replace men and men can not replace women in the development of children and you'll never, ever get me to believe otherwise.	Well at least you admit your as feelsy biased as the feminists are. Gay are [doing pretty damn well](http://tvnz.co.nz/national-news/children-gay-parents-happier-study-5515718) as parents and will always be such a small minority. I find absolutely no reason to fear social collapse because of gay parents, the only thing that's going to negatively affect kids is people telling them the love of their parents is an affront to some invisible man.
We're on it.... newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/KnNORCs.png	Awesome, good luck! Let's pearl this fucker.
Yes, but that is not really relevant. (Sorry for the strong wording.)  We are talking about a desperate person who desires some particular illegal drug.  If they had the sense to check themselves into rehab then they would not be in the predicament in the first place. The illegality is what makes the price and obtainability (is that a word?) difficult.  If the user could get the stuff at the corner drug store then they might not trying to sell their children (or whatever bad things they were trying to do) in order to obtain drugs.  newlinechar  	The price has nothing to do with the obsession. People don't like it and get addicted because they need to pay their hard-earned savings on it.
THOSE ULTS	Dyrus champion pool.  ;_; newlinechar  newlinechar So good.  Tears of joy. newlinechar  newlinechar Karthus game 1, rumble game 2. newlinechar  newlinechar This guy.  I love him.
Given that Solar Beam already exists, if they make a grass attack like that it'll probably be physical instead of special based.	Oh, right. But you know I'd rather have a low accuracy move without weather instead of a charge turn without weather. IMO. And yes, a physical attack makes more sense.
Have you seen almonds recently? Sheesh.. 	it's madness 
I'm cool with giving the kid time.  He's surrounded by awesome so they should be able to carry him. newlinechar  newlinechar This is a really good group.	I wasn't hopeful for this season until they announced Knight as the starter
Does it mention anything about SSH?	Nope, that's why I thought I was so funny :P
It was actually serious. What could you be thinking about that you forget, though? It's like, step two of getting naked for me.	Are you ever, say, making yourself cereal, and you mindlessly begin to put the cereal box into the fridge instead of the milk? It's kind of like that. You're just not thinking. 
Smaller area is cheaper for farms. Cheaper for farms will bring more farmers. More farmers will bring more tax. 	I'm sorry but that's not how it works at all. More chickens per area means more eggs produced by the farmers, which leads to more profits for the parent company. Why would the giant corporations want to sell their land when it can make so much money for them?
Interesting. I've never even thought of cheese with pancakes.	I don't know why, but it's delicious.
Is that Optimus Prime on the background? 	No, that's the engineer from TF2
NA is still better than EU.	LOL mettaworldprab u mad or u bad?
I too want a huge display case, but first I'd need a collection.  newlinechar  newlinechar Amazing looking, you should get some spotlights that are focused on the display case, putting even more focus on it :). How many SR and DEs have you got?	I'm going to work on the lighting tomorrow. 49 straight razors but I have a few more on the way. 21 DE razors. 13 SE razors. 4 injector razors. Bad thing is I've sold a bunch of them lol.
That was a cool animated comic. You seem to be blazing some trails here with the panel distinction and now animation. Good job! Only Internet comics can into gifs.	Thank you very much, though I don't want to blaze any trails because I've been told that I am the only one who can prevent forest fires! 
Race: KHAJIIT newlinechar  newlinechar Class: PUCHCAT newlinechar  newlinechar Major Skills: HEAVY ARMOR FOR PUNCHING newlinechar  newlinechar Minor Skills: SPEECH, FOR YELLING ABOUT PUNCHING newlinechar  newlinechar Key Items: GLOVES FOR PUNCHING newlinechar  newlinechar Comments: FUCK YOU, I'M PUNCHCAT.	NO FUCK YOU I'M A PUNCH HUMAN! newlinechar  newlinechar You dirty cats have to use CLAWS to MERELY SCRATCH THE OPPONENT! newlinechar  newlinechar Us REAL MEN have to beat our foes to A BLOODY FUCKING PULP WITH OUR CONDITIONED KNUCKLES!
Maybe your aperture was f/2.8, then? 	Yep! Went back and doublechecked. 2.8
Honestly I do not see this franchise moving forward in time past the French Revolution. Modern firearms take away from the whole...assassin...thing and you end up with something more generic.	Have you played (or even seen) a game called hit man? Quite literally about an assassin, modern day.  newlinechar  newlinechar Whether you like that game or not it clearly shows you could have a modern day setting for an assassin game.  newlinechar  newlinechar Also I believe that watchdogs will either be related to the assassins world or a dry run for a modern day assassin game
'The Silver Star, officially referred to as the Silver Star Medal by all of the United States Armed Forces, is the third highest military decoration for valor that can be awarded to any person serving in any capacity with the United States Armed Forces. The medal is awarded for gallantry in action against an enemy of the United States.' newlinechar  newlinechar [Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silver_Star)	Thanks
This is [Orgyia](http://bugguide.net/node/view/335)..probably Orgyia leucostigma - a White-marked or Vapour Tussock Moth caterpillar http://bugguide.net/node/view/521   newlinechar  newlinechar These guys are very ornate in color but the can sting if handled - be careful. Those stinging hairs can hurt...	Thank you so much! And I actually never even touched it because I didn't know if the hairs were gonna hurt me or not. (: all is well
He's stealing your anti-gravity water through the photo. Quickly, stop him.	[no joke](http://i.imgur.com/VU2WWba.jpg?1)
That makes me sad. I still will be trying to build the army but I wanted to see what would happen with half competent dakka.	they're more expensive, but Lootas are good to phenomenal ranged units. 
As I understand it, those magazines primarily sell for the ads, so it's entirely reasonable for a fashion-minded woman that nonetheless recognizes the bullshit in their relationship advice to skim the articles every now and then. newlinechar  newlinechar The only Cosmo and Bieber I ever see is on Reddit.	Maybe you just don't know too many chicks? I know plenty of girls that read Cosmo and plenty that absolutely go apeshit over Justin Beiber. These chicks are in their mid 20's.
My vote goes to Ben-To	When i try to explain Ben-to to people, i sound crazy. 
I'm on the fence. You have an opportunity here to sway me.	Whipped, salted butter or nothing. I splurge for breakfast. I can do diet meals for lunch and dinner, but breakfast is sacred. Land o' Lakes whipped salted butter or NOTHING. Those are your choices.
That's better than nothing, we'll have to see how 'rewarding' that might be.  They said that even their internal teams have not been able to bring him down, I have no interest in bashing my face against that wall. 	&gt;I have no interest in bashing my face against that wall. newlinechar  newlinechar Then don't, no-one is forcing you to. There is absolutely no shortage of low difficulty, high reward PvE content in this game. Tequatl will not be the only way to get ascended weapons, and if you want the unique rewards then you'll need to earn them.
What's the point of this? Is it to see through the fabric easier?	Really?
Apparently we are too, since you said that a couple minutes ago.	Oh we are, but we're still winning. I'm not disappointed because of the score tonight, I'm just afraid of what will happen in the LSU and possible SEC/NCG games when a defense lights our O line up again. This is just a bunch of yummy game tape for opposing coaches to watch and find all the holes in our defense and O line. 
And now my feet are craving some attention!  ;)	yeah...so is something else
Its ahri	Regi is doing the shotcalling - it's not only his individual play.
Uh... what?  (That probably means no)	oops sorry..
That must be a quiet dinner.	Naw, some Mexican Restaurants have Mariachi bands
Well if you want to fuck your sister go ahead, I won't stop you	My mom just seems like the *last* person in the world I would ever fuck. Like, very last. Below my dad, brother, someone with razors in their vagina...anybody. 
That's a really great idea. I'm a big fan of saving things for sentimental value and taking them out when you're having a bad day is just the perfect thing sometimes. I'm gonna find a box to use. :)	I use a shoe box. 
Nearly 100% sure - it's listed in this synopsis (among others): http://www.tv.com/shows/saturday-night-live/michael-mckean-chaka-khan-the-folksmen-120274/	I'll try to watch the whole episode later and report back. 
No, I expect parents to try and not be disruptive. If you're going somewhere that is for your kid, you are buying something for your kid, it is a kid-friendly environment, etc, bring your kid. If your kid can be quiet and won't bother anyone, take your kid. But if your kid starts crying and annoying everyone, don't ignore the little noise machine and continue looking at cameras. Either get him to be quiet, take him out of the store until he calms down so he is not bothering anyone, or next time try and arrange for a way to leave him at home.	Have you ever been a parent or taken care of younger siblings? Kida, especially younger ones, aren't going to be perfect angels, and sometimes there's nothing you can do but simply wait for them to calm down. I highly doubt that you never had tantrums as a child.
Your wife won't/can't titty fuck you?	[?](http://i.imgur.com/9zo6tMi.jpg)
Nice try, Nostradamus.	Also during the pilot I said, 'some day this guy's gonna organize a mass prison killing.'   newlinechar  newlinechar Where's my prize??
Replay will be in arsenal.com usually 24 hours after. I literally hold my hand up to my screen to block any scores until I get to arsenal player.	Or you can just google Arsenal Player and go directly there.
Well its a point and laugh sub, not a genuine one, but still DAMN	Thank Jayzus... for a split second I looked at all the heading titles and thought they were serious. Phew! newlinechar  newlinechar If people *really were* like that though: **http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIWHMb3JxmE**
How is that douchey at all? He said they didn't have to do anything special because they played that bad.	It's like in solo queue when you play the game of your life and go like 20-0, and the other team is like 'lol you're not good, our team just sucked'
But then his hand would be on the mouse :(	Much like hands free headsets often require you to push a button to answer a call. 
That's not what I mean. The fat person isn't being a dick or spewing fatlogic and/or offensive things. 	I know. Just pointing out another discrepancy.
And that would be the War Powers Act right?	Exactly.
I'm like thebluepill's version of Cat Facts, except it's Aristotle Facts. The meme doesn't pop up as often as you might have thought it would. 	O god, u just reminded me, I want to Cat Facts the next friend who texts me
What VPS did you go with?	I'll get hammered, but for my first VPS, I went with budgetvm.com -- the price was cheap, the datacenter was close (i chose the Chicago location), and speeds were reasonable... newlinechar  newlinechar I put a non-crucial domain on there first, and after no downtime for the first 4 weeks, i moved other stuff over..
Dubstep has never improved anything.	^^^this
Yup, there's already a thread going mate	Oh okay. Where is it? I can't seem to find it :( 
I know you like that cover doe, that cover hard as fuck	Oh hell yeah, it ain't fo no fuck niggas
Running gives you lots of negative calories ;)	but food doesn't
I had Aiden Pierce from Watch Dogs on SR3, but since there was no bandana in SR4 I couldn't transfer it	I made homer simpson.  I posted him somewhere.
There are new standards for oil changes. I think 5k is ok. Google it. I just bought a *brand new* 2013 for $18+. Love it. I would check Edmunds etc. as it seems a tad expensive for a 6 year old car.	It's actually right in the blue book range. Thanks! 
Are you retarded? Its already flashed forward to his 52nd birthday and he is alive and redeeming himself. #moron	Just because he is alive to see 52 doesn't mean shit.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar And who the fuck uses hashtags on Reddit? Seriously.
DAE Women only exist for blowjobs?	Also anal and cooking.
This understandably makes our community hate Lol's community more but why in the other direction?	Why would you hate a *community* for the actions of the company? 
Dang it. One does not simply visit TvTropes. There goes the rest of my day.	Er....you're right. I probably should have put up a huge disclaimer!
I'm also worried that I misinterpreted what she meant, and the next few weeks will be awkward because she thinks that I see her in a different way than she sees me. Could this maybe backfire?	Maybe tell her how you feel now when you see her again. Like to sound as if you felt bad about not texting her or something. And you can say you can text not just school stuff, but whatever you all feel like. On another day just text how her day went or along the lines of that.
Me too. I like your upvote/downvote buttons but was expecting them to match the colour of the other when clicked - then a front page full of voted on posts would be an oddly satisfying mix of blue and orange pairs...	They're supposed to be bubble wrap bubbles. Is it unclear? I might have to do some work on them.
That's actually brilliant	Yeah... Too bad there's a giant number on his chest. Could've fooled 'em all.
damn that sucks for u	it turned out okay.   Unfortunate circumstance of her doggie being under the weather on a holiday wknd when her normal vet was closed.  more of a better safe than sorry deal for an old lady of a dog.      newlinechar  newlinechar But damn a couple of serious cases came in while we were waiting.   dogs who ate rat poison!!! :(  I saw several people leaving without their animals in tears.    Not a happy place to spend the morning.   newlinechar  newlinechar Thank you for being kind.     newlinechar  newlinechar off topic:  you performing at all this fall?
So what you're saying is that they were a kid. In the 90's.	Eh, sort of. They were a late 90's kid. A lot of things that people consider part of being a 90's kid involves the early/mid 90's. 
Yay! Isn't it super late where you are? Is pizza still open? 	[](/fs16)It's 1:30, there's a place that's open till 3am.
Droid is also a type of Android phone. Unless that's what you meant by marketing term?	Lucasarts owns the rights to the Droid name and gets paid by Motorola for each phone marketed under Droid. 
Fnatic?, Or do you mean worlds.	He means worlds. Only way it's a true statement.
My complaint for Miller has been the same all season: pitch count	fair
How on earth did you put up with that for three years?	The neighbor's WiFi network wasn't password-protected.
alright i'm adding you now newlinechar Edit: sent.	Gotcha! What's your FC?
Atheism in not an ideology. Are babies born with an ideology? No, they just simply observe no God. if i observe no God and use it to classify my belief its not an ideology, just like vewing things from my window is not an ideology. newlinechar  newlinechar Also where you anwsers the things i wrote, try to think about what 'most' and the fact that even if i recognize some to be racist, doesent mean i think they are on a big level or it might make me think they are not racist beyond any other belief system.  newlinechar  newlinechar Also, im sorry with the editing, im taking a while with the editing and underestimating how fast some people here respond.  newlinechar  newlinechar As it was explained i didnt think they excluded everything but white men from th first description. Just like mechanics dont necessarily exclude women althoguh there are fewer women who work with mechanical professions. Also social justice is not rational, its simply a nice thing to do.  newlinechar  newlinechar Also, i dont see how how not focusing on social justice makes it any less welcoming to say, black people. in fact by including these social jsutice things you are basicly saying 'oh, we got this new kid here, hes a SPECIAL kid you have to treat him nicely'. Also where can i read up on the internal conflicts in the atheist community that stirred up people to start atheism+?	If you choose to take a very reductive definition of 'ideology', then people who are interested in social justice do not have an ideology either: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Social justice in not an ideology. Are babies born with bigotry? No, they just simply are not bigots. if i observe no bigotry and use it to classify my belief its not an ideology, just like vewing things from my window is not an ideology. newlinechar  newlinechar However if you define 'ideology' in the context of differing groups of people, it certainly is, as is atheism. I really hate dictionary arguments, but on this I'll compromise:  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Definition of IDEOLOGY 2b noun 'a manner or the content of thinking characteristic of an individual, **group**, or culture newlinechar  newlinechar This seems to be an unimportant topic though, and I would prefer to address your central claims, so here are some questions: newlinechar  newlinechar 1. Specifically, how does a group that is interested in both social justice and atheism appear less rational?  newlinechar 2. Does that appearance matter so much that we should exclude people who wouldn't want to join a group that welcomes racists and sexists? newlinechar 3. What should people do if they are tired of being harassed by 'fellow' atheists merely for disagreeing or criticizing with behavior withing the atheist/skeptic community? newlinechar  newlinechar **edit: This would probably be a clearer conversation if you would avoid adding large blocks to older statements and instead respond with them in the next reply.** newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Also social justice is not rational, its simply a nice thing to do. newlinechar  newlinechar Elaborate on that please, because that makes no sense. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Also, i dont see how how not focusing on social justice makes it any less welcoming to say, black people. in fact by including these social jsutice things you are basicly saying 'oh, we got this new kid here, hes a SPECIAL kid you have to treat him nicely' newlinechar  newlinechar Maybe the issue is that you don't understand social justice or are deliberately representing an obtuse example to make a point. To avoid the massive post editing, please clarify on this on your next response.
Definitely subs!	Will do!
Put on the Lion King. 	I hate that part.
Do orange slices go well with hefeweizen? I didn't know that. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit:Apparently, [this](http://imgur.com/BOKevwC) is the nectar of heaven. Don't worry, I will try it. You can stop recommending it now.	Yup.  Sometimes they are served with a lemon wedge too.
Sauce on that gif?	No idea newlinechar 
Big Clint is gone :( newlinechar  newlinechar Surprised Brooks didn't make the team. We had two interior pass rushers on the team last year with Jones and Scruggs. Now we only have Bennett.  newlinechar  newlinechar Happy to see AB and JLo make the team. Guys are great depth.  newlinechar  newlinechar And we're only going with two TEs then huh. 	Alvin Baily and John lotu in case anyone was wondering.  newlinechar  newlinechar Also - I thought Hill and Williams would be interior pass rush? 
Don't even worry about that! And I am so sure it'll be amazing just because you did it :)	Oh shucks :$ flattery will get you everywhere haha 
The guys are just giving me a hard time over there. They are all good guys, but they are just messing with me. However, most of the newcomers don't know that. 	/r/ciscoiscertified newlinechar  newlinechar testify
roll tide	Roll Tide
What kind of ice cream?	It's Kroger brand ice cream with some weird shit in it and it's called... newlinechar *BIRTHDAY BASH*
Plastic? ...or aluminum?	Aluminium. newlinechar 
In the 60s we always took kids from their familys on reservations and forced them live at some crappy boarding school. Talk to any older nativr american and they will tell you all about it. I didnt even know about till I worked on a reservation	The book Lakota Woman kind of got into that, it was about Wounded Knee Part 2. Very interesting.
&gt; Guess they think I am all set! newlinechar  newlinechar Or they just don't give a rat's ass about you.	Nah, they do(and did for my past cats). I know for sure one of them hunts birds.
It's a cat.	Good point.
Yep.	much obliged.
Steven Cheeze newlinechar  newlinechar Cyan newlinechar  newlinechar An abstract clock thing newlinechar  newlinechar A question mark newlinechar  newlinechar A cannon newlinechar  newlinechar Can turn arms into mechanical pencils newlinechar  newlinechar Making out with Marzipan newlinechar  newlinechar Chest hair sticking out of shirt (top and bottom)	I'm going to be letting the upvotes decide the winner, but in my opinion this is too ironically detached to be truly shitty. 
I have to pee because I've been drinking a lot of water.	Don't pee in the toilet just sit in your chair and pee
dismember one what?	Bike.
[](/sbigstare) theres some huge shitty boss fights	[](/vssrs)I imagine a boss fight in that game is something that slowly walks at you while taking about 40 clips of bullets to go down. Because the people that made that game clearly don't give a shit about mechanics of any kind.
You know what's not discussed at all? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Israel.	&gt; You know what's not discussed at all? newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Israel. newlinechar  newlinechar Not just that, he lizard people are suspiciously missing too!.  newlinechar  newlinechar Must be those damn jooz again, eh?
Its not fair to say that blacks were the only minority to face challenges though. Yes, its true they were forced to come here and that was fucking bullshit. But there is a long history of this country's mistreatment of asians like the yellow panic and the internment of japanese americans during WW2. Hell even other kinds of white people had it pretty rough like the irish during the early 1800s. There are advantages and disadvantages to being any race. Blacks and latinos  have the advantage of affirmative action, asians and indians have the advantage of a strong cultural importance placed on school and professional acheivement. Whites get to be white.  newlinechar  newlinechar So yes it is bullshit that blacks with no criminal records are prefered to whites with one. That is awful. But not much more awful that an asian or indian has to do better than a black or latino to get into the same school. There's unfairness everywhere and saying that the system is to blame for all of the bad things that have ever happened to any minority wont solve the problem.	They are not the only minority to face discrimination, in that you are correct. However, they are the only minority to face continual oppression organized by the government on multiple levels through the entire history of the country up to and including the present. Let alone the prevalence of individual racism in many parts of the country. newlinechar  newlinechar When you complain about affirmative action you fail to acknowledge the vastly superior advantages of access to economic opportunity that other groups enjoy. The list is long, [redlining and disinvestment](http://repository.upenn.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1008&amp;context=cplan_papers) have utterly destroyed the capacity of black communities to sustain themselves, stop and frisk policies disproportionately impact black (and latino, for that matter) communities *even though whites are [more likely](http://rt.com/usa/stop-frisk-whites-drugs-weapons-667/) to have drugs or weapons*. Let alone the impact of sentencing laws that made one type of cocaine result in much longer and harsher sentences than the type popular with white people. newlinechar  newlinechar Many of these things have continued into the present day and are vastly more harmful than the minor advantages of affirmative action (which itself is largely gone, it hasn't existed in California, for example since Proposition 209 was enacted in 1996).  newlinechar  newlinechar When you start to dig into the level of economic destruction that federal, state, and local *government* policies have wreaked on black communities (I'd recommend the book [The New Jim Crow](http://www.amazon.com/The-New-Crow-Incarceration-Colorblindness/dp/1595586431/) by Michelle Alexander for a quick overview) it becomes impossible to compare the brief internment of Japanese Americans during WWII or the Irish even further back in our country's history to what the black community has faced for decade after decade.
[](/fs26)Too bad, I was looking forward to yours.	[](/acceptingtwilicorn) *My* bollocks are perfectly descriptivist, thank you very much.
It's overrated in the sense that people who would want to emulate the main character completely miss the moral of the movie's story. It's overrated in the sense that Tony Montana is not really a hero but a tragic character (duh). I love the hell out of this movie but I feel that many people who like it (hip-hop artists) simply stop watching the movie after the montage with the wedding and the tiger. Montana achieves everything he sets out to do to the very end of his dreams only to realize his dreams were empty and unsatisfactory. And it isn't even just a snap realization right before kicking the bucket. The movie spends a whole dinner scene rolling around in the utter disappointment Montana finds at the end of his criminal rainbow. It's only after he's fully taken it all in that he self-destructs and literally destroys the lives of everyone around him.  newlinechar  newlinechar This would be a memorable movie for how quotable it is or for the killer performance from Pacino, one of his last great ones. It would be remarkable for the (at the time) record number of 'fucks' given or the extreme violence. It's a great movie because it has all these things and a wonderful, tragic story, awards be damned.	&gt;It would be remarkable for the (at the time) record number of 'fucks' newlinechar  newlinechar [relevant?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ahh1rP0qL-s)
They say Stannis never smiles...well, maybe I'll just give him a red smile with the medieval equivalent of lipstick 	Shows you how much Joffrey knows. Stannis smiles often enough and has quite the dry wit.
I don't see why someone downvoted you for this. It's pretty much what most people that committed to a Day One console early on feel anyway, otherwise they wouldn't have pre-ordered. newlinechar  newlinechar THAT BEING SAID...my idea for a generic 'EA Sports freebie' code good for one next-gen sports title would be nice. I had the idea when FIFA came out. So every person in every country would pick their own game. Americans would get a game and decide between NBA or Madden (MLB and NHL probably coming second, despite the fact I like them lol), Europeans would pick FIFA, etc.	Do not try to understand downvoting; it is an enigma.
greater Age != more money necessarily.	In my experience, a third of Reddit is kids at home. A third is poor University and recent grads. A third is wealthy engineers, developers, business people.
It's spider porn. Close enough.	[](/notimpressed) No. You owe me clop or music
I really think a move to the bullpen a la last year might do him some good.	Hopefully it pisses him off enough he gets a chip on his shoulder and can pitch with confidence again. He lacks it and it shows. 
What really gets me is the cops response times! Who the hell are these guys dispatcher? Professor Brown from back the the future?   	And why send in swat team after swat team if it never works?
&gt; adverts newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; briskly watched newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; sporting event newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; even spread of the board newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar lol I love you Brits! newlinechar  newlinechar 	now i feel like a nerd :(
All I can take away from this video is RIP Dime.  You brought the metal out in us all, man.  You are still missed. newlinechar  newlinechar \m/ (&gt;_&lt;) \m/	Getcha Pull \m/
One day I'll be first. Hell I could win the pro tour and I probably wouldn't even be the first person to say anything about it.	Almost certainly. You would be busy playing, then being congratulated, then taking pictures and signing stuff. Others would have been busy dissecting your win for at least half an hour before you could even get online.
Look...we're in Delaware. &lt;/Wayne's World&gt;	[Hi, I'm in Delaware....](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6M_1fGshM1o)
[](/twinotamused) Fine. But if you are all itchy, don't come crying to me.	[](/flutterserious)I will.
Holy shit. I never knew what the first C stood for! Thank you so much	I always thought it represented the C drive.
op is a total largesse	:/
Same here. [Magnesium Carbonate Hydroxide dies at the yellow 5 wedding. ](/spoiler)	**SHAMPOO BOTTLE SPOILER ABOVE**
*20 years ago, Tartar Sauce and Lil'bub betrayed oktober75.* newlinechar  newlinechar *Now, he's out for revenge.* newlinechar  newlinechar Coming 2014	Next week, my beef with Puffin hits an all time high when he reveals he never liked Grumpy Cat or Lil'Bub.
Half!?	84 of 144 to be more precise.
Pro-Israelis -  they have a hard time with international law as Israel insists on violating it. This produces a dilemma, they can either bash israel or bash international law, so they opt to bash the law. 	I'm actually Anti-Israel, so you can't really apply that generalization to me.
I'll settle for game. We call it the Willingham Special.	So back-to-back innings?
nah, it's 11 doctor whos; twelve by this Christmas	I was thinking that. I also thought the MLP one would better as 6 because of the mane (yay shitty puns) 6. But I really didn't think it was worth the effort to go that far.
Honestly, what's attractive about it?	No idea. I grew up on a farm that bred horses, I guess, but that seems like a far off reason. It just turns me on, there's no obvious reason behind it.
I'm going to be letting the upvotes decide the winner, but in my opinion this is too ironically detached to be truly shitty. 	I agree.
From who? As a long time TR player, I can't wait for the fucking thing to be nerfed in to redundancy; firstly, because it's boring as hell to use and secondly, to stop the tears flowing from the likes of you.	Nothing can stop the tears of nitramlondon. From reading the rest of his posts on reddit I don't even know why he even plays the game anymore. 
No knowledge of nba careers just pre draft knowledge. 	Then its gotta be Jesus Shuttlesworth.
Interesting idea about hiding gender and race of candidates though...	How would that be feasible? You'd have to scrap the use of names and refrain from allowing images of candidates to be released...  Appearance and perceived personality of presidential candidates is a big factor for who people vote for. 
No, that's a yellow Camaro. Giant robots aren't real.	But what about all the footage we have of them? Wasn't Pacific RIM a documentary? 
*', exclaimed OveMittened as he continually extracted excrement from E_G_Never's now relaxed rectum. E_G_Never's facial expression had transitioned from a then frantic fear, that had his eyes darting in random directions in search for help, to a dull, lifeless glaze, reflecting a man who has come to terms with his inevitable fate. He began to ponder the decisions he had made, that led up to this dire situation. Did he ingest too much fiber? Was this punishment for not eating his broccoli? Conflicting questions bounced back and forth in his head as OverMittened maniacally continued to roll his turd sausages out.*   newlinechar    newlinechar FIN	dude what
You can change the 2 line into 'Wenn das Wetter ist so schön' and 'Wenn die Blätter sind so grün'. It even makes them sound more poetic and puts more stress on 'schön' and 'grün'. German sentence structure is quite flexible in that way: newlinechar  newlinechar http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German_sentence_structure	Das ist interresant.  I guess poetic works in this situation considering poem and lyric are closely related.  So, technically grammar is incorrect but they might pass as an artistic statement? newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: typo
There used to be a Newfie store in Edmonton, not sure if it's still around. 	Given the number of Mary Brown's that are in the city now, I'm sure there are a few enterprising small markets that bring in Pineapple Crush.
fuckin' up the scenery	Not going to argue with that to much, but how else you going to let people know where  your business is located, without a sign.
*I don't care, I love it* newlinechar  newlinechar I don't care; I love it.	I drove my car into a bridge.
[](/fs16)It's 1:30, there's a place that's open till 3am.	How exciting! I wish I lived someplace cool... I should move to columbus...
To be fair, I don't think anyone would 'assume' he failed math. But I recall hearing something like this growing up. It was spoken as if, or at least I understood it, to suggest that genius can still struggle with protocol. It is certainly not out of the question to point out that many geniuses (perhaps BECAUSE of their genius) struggle with adhering to the requirements of a public school system.	Yes. I heard it as well. It is as big as any urban legend.
It's Kroger brand ice cream with some weird shit in it and it's called... newlinechar *BIRTHDAY BASH*	Intense
Yep.	So many trees went down, was fun :)
wildturtle barely surviving at the clutch fights again	His caitlyn play is incredible
He was this guy who made a really cool catch in a Super Bowl, that led to a game winning drive a few years ago. I can't remember who the Giants beat that year but it was a pretty big upset.	God, the Giants winning that game almost made up for a decade of shitty Dolphins football for me.
&gt;If I remember correctly newlinechar  newlinechar you dont.	Please specify what i'm wrong with then. I'm fairly certain on it.
A BIG MACHINE IN RED AND BLACK!	AIN'T NOTHIN FINER IN THE LAND!!
A serious metalhead could not listen to nothing but metal, because it would be boring newlinechar  newlinechar Source: been a metalhead for two thirds of my life now newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT - Since I'm being misunderstood, I wanted to say that listening to nothing but metal is boring, and not the other way around	if you arent open (and do not accept) other music genres, you shouldnt call yourself a fan, because you are literally a diehard poser for only having a tunnel-way on music.
Sounds like you also are a fan of the Est archetype, I gotta admit it was about a year into my playing Fire Emblem before I recognized the potential of this unit, I always use them as well now.	One of my personal favorites is Rolf.
*Wondering if I've been saying 'social' wrong my entire life....* newlinechar  newlinechar How do you pronounce it?	'so-shull'
Chelsea fan here, i think you are underestimating just how good Moses is. He will play a huge part and in my opinion is your best signing this transfer window no doubt.	Mignolet?
It has moved to broad st between 20th and 21st	I'll have to walk by next time I'm I town!
I have come close, VERY close to spanking but I don't think that's something I want to do. I don't want to teach her that inflicting physical pain on someone is ok. newlinechar 	I understand. I have raised two kids, and a measured, controlled non-vindictive approach to spanking worked for me and my wife. We spanked our kids when they were too young to reason with--not when we were angry; not enough to really cause pain, just a couple reasonably light smacks on a clothed bottom worked wonders. I respect that other parents do not choose this as an option; I do. But when the child isn't old enough to comprehend reasoning and is oppositional, it is a perfectly workable option, because it's not the pain that convinces them to do what you want--it is the shock of, 'I just got hit!?!' That puts them off of whatever oppositional stance they had taken and they comply. BUT I never spanked with anything other then a hand, never on an unclothed bottom, and never never never out of anger. Some parents spank to relieve the anger they feel--that's not a good reason to spank a child. Just my two cents--I hope your situation improves, and the best of luck to you and your family.
Tracking shots.	Great question! Watch Goodfellas (1990) and see that one cool scene at the beginning where the one guy goes into that club with that one girl. 
If you go all along the left side and loop around, you can get to it. Go around the hidden green room on the left side. newlinechar  newlinechar It's a message from the developer, 'I didn't think anyone would get here' or somesuch, which also unlocks toggling no-clip+fly with the Q key. newlinechar  newlinechar Doesn't do anything plot-wise, as far as I can tell.	Anything you can find with no clip?
So back-to-back innings?	sure
Hey, this looks nice! My load order is too full and complicated to actually use, but the idea is a good one. From what I can tell you've taken the right approach to things as well, rather than swinging the power balance too far towards the Legion. newlinechar  newlinechar Although, I might have lowered the Legion presence in the Wasteland and beefed up the Fort more, at least until certain quests were completed. Then again it's your mod, and that would be a ton of work.	It's a very small mod as far as size goes (only like 32kb) but adds a LOT to the game, and it works for me with over 150 mods working all at once including A World of Pain, Increased Legion Presence, Caesar's New Regime, and probably 20 other mods that add spawns and locations. I also did add more legionaries to the fort. If you really want a good fort expansion I would get this one: [Fortification Hill Expansion](http://newvegas.nexusmods.com/mods/43653//?). I actually didn't add to the fort because of one fact, and that is I didn't want to spend a lot of time on one location. This mod is more based on the spawns and camps I added around the southeast portion of the map, and not about one expansion. I may do that in a separate mod or in a future update though, so stay tuned. :)
Taking tons of pictures is all part of the fun. Have you checked out bunspace yet? Bunny photos everywhere	More bunny photos than /r/rabbits? I don't know if I can handle so much cuteness at once!!
Well, I've actually been quite impressed and very satisfied with GoDaddy for a while now. Plus I get coupons for them from a Linux community.	I think Namecheap would impress you even more.
i always says i have wrong verion number how di update dayz itself?	DayZ commander should let you update/install from within the program thats how i usually update mine and has worked out for me fine so far newlinechar  
You are spot on. Bad publicity is still publicity and he knows it. That said It's about 50% luck and about 50% rng, but that's how card games work...	50% luck + 50% rng + 0% preparation + 0% skill + 0% intuition.
The internet's wireless, everyone knows that!	the internet elders said you could use it
Bastard! I'm 65304, just missed this batch. newlinechar  newlinechar Why, oh why, can't they do a double NA batch...	I'm 61954, can't fucking wait.  Following me paying my friend off for this Rift (he's my reverse layaway for it, only have $90 left to pay him), I'm going to build an NES PC, which unlike any NES PC before it, will contain an actual graphics card.  Following this, I will play through Skyrim for the first time, using said my Oculus Rift.  I may not come back to reality.
I know there's a rainbow party at 10 at the Hilton... if you're into that.	Do go on....
Aaaand Kruk gives you the answer. I like the old colors.	seriously. it was very stupid of them to go their current scheme... i didn't really care for their old home unis that were more white and striped, but the look they have tonight is fantastic
It looks overcooked ;__;	It totally isn't. I've had one. It's thinly sliced and layered perfection.
fair	I'm hoping it's something he can work at on the off season. If he does he's going to be our 2 or 3 starter no problem.
Maybe not to you, but you're crippled by fearmongering propaganda. If we were discussing Bin Laden right now, you'd not have that opinion of him. You're just practicing cognitive dissonance to support a broken argument.	I have actually read Islamist political philosophy and Bin Laden as a thinker was completely derivative. He was a leader and a commander but he made almost no theoretical contributions. He was no great thinker. I don't think you even know the definitions of most of the words you are using right now.
The tutorial isn't very good. :/	Watch YouTube videos.
The press unfortunately holds a lot of power though, as they've displayed by touting Abbott despite the many and varied flaws in his policies. We're already looking at huge issues with regards to livability and most of the public (if we believe the polls) still believe that all the corporate designed policies will still help them.	Absolutely, There would not be many as rage filled as I regarding news corps destruction of democracy in both America and Australia, not to mention the various other scandals around the world.  newlinechar  newlinechar When I mention the future, I am talking about 15 - 20 years time and fortunately Paper media will be dead by then. newlinechar  newlinechar Murdoch is polishing the brass on the Titanic and he and his media empire will die. newlinechar  newlinechar I voted for Howard once when I truly believed that I was better off than I was at the previous election. If peoples lives get worse they will vote the government out, which is why I voted against him later. newlinechar  newlinechar We don't have a ministry of truth yet and we can fight against Murdoch and his degradation of democracy.
Fuck red bulls  	This has been a very enlightening discussion so far!
My dealer sold it to me; he said the aluminum gets you baked. 	And by 'baked' he meant 'Alzheimer's'. 
Wisconsin won 45-0, so they were also ready.	Last time Wisconsin played a defense as bad as UMass, they scored 70 points.  They obviously weren't ready today.
So where did you get this? Thinking about picking one up but i dont want to get one that's marked up 200%. newlinechar  newlinechar Looks awesome :)	The store I bought it from just ran out of stock. :c Sorry. newlinechar  newlinechar [But here, for when it's back.](http://www.trueswords.com/anime-fantasy-sword-scabbard-carbon-steel-blade-p-7110.html)
Haha have a down vote fucktard	Someone needs to make a bot for that.
He'll be here all night....	;-;
Well, this is from my perspective. I have read tons where the 'Hero' is pratically perfect, or they get over there flaws in a simple way. it's what I really admired. newlinechar  newlinechar edit* I didn't mean to say it was uniquie. It's just what I loved about Harry Potter. newlinechar 	Oh sorry I misunderstood :)
Good to see Dwyer and Saad getting rewarded for the work they've been putting in. I'm loving this lineup. 	I'm glad dwyer gets the start. He put on a show in Honduras
Get a friend to piss in a condom for you and strap that shit to your leg (take a thumb-tack or something sharp to stab it with eventually; trust me). If it takes more then 10-15 to get to the test site; use one of those hand-warmers and put it on-top of the condom to keep the piss at the right temp or else you will fail the test.  newlinechar  newlinechar This works because I have seen at least 3 friends do it. Pissed in a condom for one of them personally. Gross; but if you need the job bad enough......	If only I knew someone willing to do so, that didn't smoke. :(
[](/vssrs)I imagine a boss fight in that game is something that slowly walks at you while taking about 40 clips of bullets to go down. Because the people that made that game clearly don't give a shit about mechanics of any kind.	[](/xx11) thats exactly what its like 
Where've you been, bro? newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah, they put out an awesome teaser trailer, then launched the Kickstarter a month later. newlinechar  newlinechar But, yes, they're going to address the cliffhanger, though they won't be picking up immediately after it. For one thing, they had several 'radio theater' episodes the continued the plotline, and they're having to address the slightly older Tex.	I must have been under a rock. I'm so freakin' happy they're bringing him back. Some of my best childhood memories are me playing those 3 games. I can't wait.
Yea, my scientific value one does not fit. There must be a better way.	It's 'world', the others don't make as much sense within the key. [Right?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JV2UPT7NpBg)
I honestly don't have an issue with the turn-based combat; I'm a huge JRPG fan so that style of combat comes with the territory. It's mostly the snowbally combat, your access to income, and the dungeon crawler-esque way the game handles it's dungeons IMO.  newlinechar  newlinechar One Mores give you incentive for manipulating an enemy's weakness, however there's no efficient way to maintain your MP throughout a dungeon once you're there. You can constantly hit enemy weaknesses, however you'll end up burning through your MP before you get to the end of the dungeon (or even halfway through it, tbh). This would not be an issue except for 2 reasons: newlinechar  newlinechar 1) Things in this game cost way too much money. Everything that would give you longevity in a dungeon (equipment upgrades, recovery items, the Fox) cannot be effectively replenished inside said dungeon and/or they're freakishly expensive. You don't get much money or usable items from combat, so I found myself leaving constantly to heal and only using the Fox's horribly overpriced healing as a last resort (like 'if I leave this dungeon to heal, it's Game Over').  newlinechar  newlinechar 2) Auto-attacks are REALLY bad in this game. If you run out of MP, your efficiency in combat tanks. Hard. Even Strength heavy characters inflict marginally more damage with auto-attacks, and they're far less efficient because they can't consistently proc crits (meaning they can't effectively use One Mores). newlinechar  newlinechar Both of these factors create a situation where you have to keep starting and stopping a dungeon multiple times, and for people with an aversion to grinding, it's gets old fast. 	Basically, they don't want you going through the whole thing in one go, that's why you run out of MP and it's not easy to replenish. Their way to stop you in P3 was when your party got tired, but in P4 there's no such thing, so basically running out of MP is their way of saying that you've had enough.
It all depends on how I'm feeling in the moment. Usually I'll take a few chipotle peppers out with some sauce and save them for a future marinade or something. It makes me happy that you enjoyed it :)	Seriously loved it and my hubby really loved it. I think it's a regular in our house now!! 
Not against your own people. The Geneva Conventions does not apply inside a country's borders. newlinechar  newlinechar And at any rate, if the Swiss have a problem with it, let THEM bomb Syria.	&gt;And at any rate, if the Swiss have a problem with it, let THEM bomb Syria. newlinechar  newlinechar It's very unlikely they'd go to war. They have, however, imposed more diplomatic measures, such as sanctions.  newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.khaleejtimes.com/kt-article-display-1.asp?xfile=data/international/2012/October/international_October872.xml&amp;section=international
Your explanation of these beliefs is fascinating, so thank you. newlinechar  newlinechar However, I'd like to point out that your assumptions of atheists/agnostics are not very informed and I feel betray a certain amount of close-mindedness on your part.  newlinechar  newlinechar Let alone the assumption that atheism is a result of teenagers trying to rebel/establish their identities. Adolescents have always been around, growing up and rebelling as they like to do, but secularization is a very modern thing.  newlinechar  newlinechar Additionally, you've stated two things which don't seem to me to match up. Could you explain?  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; So, as you can see, we've been in kali yuga a long time. (Since ~3000 BC!) newlinechar  newlinechar But:  newlinechar  newlinechar ~The second begins to see some 'darkness' enter into the world. People are no longer governed by God, but by kings and emperors. Our works and understanding of the world begin to become increasingly perverted. newlinechar  newlinechar I might be remembering my history wrong, but I thought that in 3000 BC, there were only a small scattering of civilizations complex enough to even have kings or emperors (if they could really be considered that)...I think the first monarchs were only in ~3100 BC or thereabouts. newlinechar  newlinechar So how did people start turning from 'God' to kings and emperors, two ages before these were even starting to exist? Am I getting my history wrong, or does this belief system you've explained reject archaeological and historical records? newlinechar  newlinechar Nevermind that the year you mark as the beginning of a decline, not just in spiritual but in moral and social terms, was around the time civilizations began to rise and become stable. newlinechar  newlinechar Not trying to be rude, but curious and would like to know if I am missing something here.	Namaskar! newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Your explanation of these beliefs is fascinating, so thank you. newlinechar  newlinechar You're welcome! Thanks for your respectful tone and patience! =D newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;However, I'd like to point out that your assumptions of atheists/agnostics are not very informed and I feel betray a certain amount of close-mindedness on your part.  newlinechar  newlinechar I'm only human. I know I have issues with a lot of things. That **is not** because there is something wrong with these things; **it is** because there is something wrong with myself. I work daily to slay these prejudices within myself, even those hiding deep within that I am not yet aware of, in an attempt to better connect with God and serve my fellow man. I apologize for any prejudice that may be coming through. = / It's not intentional (that *I* know of..) newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Not trying to be rude, but curious and would like to know if I am missing something here. newlinechar  newlinechar Being politely curious is not to be mistaken with being rude! =D You're fine! newlinechar  newlinechar You're missing that I'm a Hindu who is working off of the generally accepted Hindu timeline. So what you said here: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;does this belief system you've explained reject archaeological and historical records? newlinechar  newlinechar Warrants a yes and no. The *traditional* belief system doesn't reject it, it just wasn't formulated when these discoveries were put to paper. I'd say that most modern, non-conservative, Hindus accept the archaeological and historical records as fact and consider the events of, say, the *Ramayana*: colossal demons meditating in the Himalayas for millenia, hunting humans in the forests, people being turned to ash and back, wandering story-tellers who neither eat nor sleep, etc. as nothing more than myth.
Don't pee in the toilet just sit in your chair and pee	I know someone who does that, it's so gross...
Pls Dig make this happen	'Easiest finals of our lives!' (The Sequel)
And.... this is why I continue to carry a small air pump.	Yup. I used to use frame fit, then tried mini-pump, now I'm back to frame-fit pump. I should probably try CO2 someday, though it seems like inflating your tire isn't the most time consuming part of fixing a flat (at least for me).
Looks like it's time to buy a second Davide!  I love this tank.	So sad they don't carry the Davide Mini =( newlinechar 
Its still over $200.	Sorry, It is only $99 in the US. I couldn't find a NZD price, but thought it would be more reasonable. 
rstr.xeger it's magic!	Whoa whoa whoa! [Reversing a reg-ex?!](http://stackoverflow.com/a/9118086/792238) That's cool!
but food doesn't	I know I was being a smartass, If only... negative calorie cookies would be the best
wait you thought of all that in 3 seconds?	It wasn't complete sentences or anything. It was me reacting and in that second knowing what the possible outcomes where. It went something like: newlinechar  newlinechar 'FUCK, Danny!' *slam on gas pedal* newlinechar  newlinechar  *  That car is going to hit Danny's door dead on, he could be hurt. I need to move the car forward enough so his door wont be hit. I should accelerate.  newlinechar  newlinechar *Guy slams into the rear passenger side of my car, screaming ensues and my car pops the curb from the force* newlinechar  newlinechar 'POLE, LEFT' *swerve*  newlinechar  newlinechar * I am going to hit the telephone pole if I do nothing and just brace myself. I wont be able to fully make it if I try to go right and accelerate, I have to turn left or I will hit it. Danny and I could get hurt.  newlinechar  newlinechar 'FUCK! CARS!' *Swerve. Brakes*  newlinechar  newlinechar * I over corrected. I am going to hit the cars in the lane. They are all looking at me, oh fuck, please don't let me hit them. I need to turn and slam on my brakes newlinechar  newlinechar 'Danny, Driver, Cars' newlinechar  newlinechar * Is Danny okay? He's not bleeding or holding anything in pain, he's staring at me. Good, he's fine. Is the driver behind me okay? He has front end damage. He's moving and looking around. Good, he's okay. Did I manage to avoid the cars? Not a scratch. I am all clear to take in the moment. The car is damaged. Dad is going to kill me. We could have gotten hurt. oh god... newlinechar  newlinechar *Cover my face with my hands and sob uncontrollably*
It's not made for temperatures like that...	Think you missed the joke
Hmmm... I'm not sure that I agree. We have several antique clocks - not very expensive ones, and they all have metal gears. As I said, these were not really clocks for the rich - these are low to middle end clocks - two of them were sold in the Sears catalog. One is from 1893.	Ok, looks like I got my dates wrong, according to this: newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.antiqueclockspriceguide.com/datinggeneral.php newlinechar  newlinechar Clocks like this one are closer to 200 years old. 100 years was a guess.
Just curious, did you feel the same way when the economist endorsed Rudd?	Its just as bad both ways, a newspapers job isn't to manipulate people with what are essentially lies.   newlinechar    newlinechar Liberal, labour or sex party, newspapers should not be pretending an editorial is news by putting it on the cover and hiding a little 'editorial' somewhere on the page. Its both unethical and too close to being illegal.  
ahaha, brought the joke here? Have an upvote once again	Less salty Vulcun fans here!
&gt; Omgoodness the boy is 2 and refuses to stop nursing newlinechar  newlinechar It's a lifelong fascination. FYI.	Lol! His daddy is a booty man....
As a mom, I agree 100%. Kids don't need smartphones. Especially considering all the apps that are out there to chat to people that never show up on your bills text usage. Scary shit.	That is also true of any computer at all. Therefore kids shouldn't be allowed near computers.
Poor girl :-(	She's in good hands now :) 
And Bec Noir? What about him?	The kids have ostensibly forgotten about him and are instead focusing on their new, more formidable enemies. BN isn't a threat at the moment anyway, since he's ~3 hours away from the Medium and can't do anything with PM on his ass.
Don't know why your saying he's being downvoted, he's the top comment.	Well, my guess would be that when he made that comment Spiiierce had a couple downvotes ;)
Nah, made me roll my eyes. Being married doesn't mean you'll never be able to experience any of those other things (except maybe hooking up with a bunch of cute guys, but some people don't need all those other guys when they've got their husband). newlinechar  newlinechar And the toilet seat thing makes me irrationally angry, so yeah. 	Some people even hook up with cute boys after they get married. Non-monogamy works for a lot of couples.
booo	Hey now, he set you up perfectly for 'Piss on 'em!' We got to follow decorum here even if he didn't ask what the good word was. 
Gotcha! What's your FC?	oh lol newlinechar 2366-4494-9615
[](/kittyshy-invert-rotate)	[](/aj12)
&gt; US intelligence report newlinechar  newlinechar lololol newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar OK, US Gov't disinformation. Same thing.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I don't even think there's enough fact to be considered a limited hangout.	&gt; I don't even think there's enough fact to be considered a limited hangout. newlinechar  newlinechar What does that sentence mean?
But I can't find any sites on the sidebar.	It seems that the mods have taken down the FAQ but i dug it up. It has some good beginner sites and some tips. http://www.reddit.com/r/beermoney/comments/137t1x/rbeermoney_faq/
no, eating nothing but ramen noodles is dangerous newlinechar  newlinechar edit newlinechar  newlinechar LOL NOT FUNNY FAGGOT	Should also be noted that it most of that is the result of too much salt and not enough protein... newlinechar  newlinechar If she took a vitamin supplement and replaced a few servings of ramen with steak, she'd probably be totally fine.
nope, I've been putting this thing together and talking about it for months now, way  before any announcements for the monkee. It's not exactly a real original name though, so I'm not butthurt or anything. We both took completely different approaches in our devices too.  newlinechar 	Ah nice, definitely surprised that two Beastie Boys inspired mods took so long to surface though haha. newlinechar  newlinechar And definitely, yours reminds me more of the Paps w/ knurled ends while theirs (currently) looks more like a more trim Chi. newlinechar  newlinechar Props to you though, I wish I had the knowledge and resources to make my own mods.  The most I could probably do is design one in Solidworks or Autocad.  Good luck moving forward in the mod game!
(( Sorry about intruding upon your thread, but jazz is nice ))	(No worries! I actually recommend the Ahmad Jamal's 'Genetic Walk' album if you like the song I linked. It has a bit more varied styles.)
&gt;That is, without grossly invading Syria's sovereignty newlinechar  newlinechar Which we also did with Iraq and Afghanistan on far less grounds than what the government is currently planning to do.   newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;We still have time to figure out the results from the UN convoy newlinechar  newlinechar This is new to me, I thought there was already proof positive of forbidden weapons involved?  My opinion certainly changes if this is not the case.	Yes, we do have proof that they were used. Do we know by *whom* though? The UN convoy still hasn't presented their information and even though it's stated that they weren't specifically looking to figure out who did it, we need to get as much information as possible in order to make the proper decision. (From as many sources as possible, not just the results from the UN convoy) newlinechar  newlinechar Also, you keep saying 'forbidden weapons' in the same way 'because terrorism' has been used to justify stuff in the past. Just because we invaded Afghanistan and Iraq in the past doesn't give us excuse to go around and keep on invading more and more countries because 'WMDs' and 'terrorism' and 'forbidden weapons'. newlinechar Just saying 'forbidden weapons' is not a justification. newlinechar  newlinechar The US by itself doesn't have any proper lawful authority to simply act out because these 'forbidden weapons' were used. newlinechar  newlinechar A review of International agreements have been easily dismissed by simply saying 'forbidden weapons.' The Chemical Weapons Convention (CWC) is part of the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons. More info here: http://www.opcw.org/chemical-weapons-convention/about-the-convention/ newlinechar  newlinechar Here's the 1st sentence of Article I of the CWC newlinechar &gt; Article I sets out the general obligations of each **State Party** under the Convention. The Convention prohibits a State Party from using chemical weapons or engaging in military preparations to use chemical weapons.  newlinechar  newlinechar If you look up the State Parties that have signed this agreement (http://www.opcw.org/about-opcw/member-states/status-of-participation-in-the-cwc/) guess which ones didn't? newlinechar  newlinechar     1. Angola  newlinechar     2. Democratic People’s Republic of Korea  newlinechar     3. Egypt  newlinechar     4. Somalia  newlinechar     5. **Syrian Arab Republic**  newlinechar  newlinechar     From: http://www.opcw.org/about-opcw/member-states/status-of-participation-in-the-cwc/  newlinechar     PDF Title: STATUS OF PARTICIPATION IN THE CHEMICAL WEAPONS CONVENTION AS AT 21 MAY 2009 (latest) newlinechar  newlinechar     *See also: http://www.opcw.org/about-opcw/member-states/ newlinechar  newlinechar *So will they be forced to sign now?* newlinechar  newlinechar I get that the President set a 'line in the sand' on August 2012 by saying a US response will ensue if chemical weapons are used, he basically had a foot-in-mouth moment right there and shouldn't be forced to take a US-lead military strike just because of that incident.
5k????? how is that cheap? I'd consider 200-500 dollars 'cheap'. 	It's all relative. Sure, to every day products, 5k isn't cheap. But this is a specialty item, and could be considered cheap relative to the other items that do the same thing in the market.
It reminds me off the song... You say potato I say potato... Maybe it the two different pronunciations 	I am betting you are correct. First thing I thought of when I saw the pic  
I thought blue options weee always good?	a) The event that leads to this quest is a blue option, and it is good.  You're told specifically not to destroy this ship and can only take the quest if you have fire weaponry or a teleporter. newlinechar  newlinechar b)  Blue options aren't always good.  The most common example are Cloaking events - you very rarely want to take any blue option that *avoids* a fight, because then you're missing out on the scrap reward for killing the enemy ship.
Is he the 'it's in the back of the net!' guy?	More like 'Oh baby!' And he used to do 'I'm lovin' it!'
We only get grape, orange, regular and strawberry (but grape is awesome!)	Regular? What's regular Crush? Cream Soda?
I remember hearing that Scholes coming out of retirement was one of the last straws for him. He found himself behind a previously retired 37 year old in the pecking order so went to Juve 6 months later.  newlinechar  newlinechar Whether Scholes was better or not was probably irrelevant to him, as you said his ambition wouldn't have allowed him to fall further down the selection line.	When Rafael and Park start at CM ahead of you, your patience will be tested. I don't blame the guy either.
Have any specific model recs?	This is the one I have. Love it. It is the best one I have owned and I have owned a few over the years.  newlinechar http://www.amazon.ca/Hamilton-Beach-Forget-Programmable-Cooker/dp/B000GHGKXS/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1377995174&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=slow+cooker  newlinechar  newlinechar Has all the options one needs in a crock in my opinion. Will fit a 10lb turkey too!
edit: fuckin hell that's a weird link. [Mirrored.](http://i.imgur.com/ny5eSVn.gif) newlinechar  newlinechar That first link was probably given to me by a Dodger fan.	can you edit out your first link?   your post is marked as spam and not from the imgur link.    danke.  newlinechar  newlinechar edited to add:  Dodgers fan?   you funny.    
What am I supposed to do? I never move it around.	always unplug it when it's 100%, plug it back in when it's on 5%. if you never move it around you probably havent got much use for the battery anyways though, so it probably isnt worth the hassle. you could also keep the battery out around the house, and only plug it in and charge it when you're going to take the laptop outside. they usually come out very easily. or keep a spare battery. 
In my experience, a third of Reddit is kids at home. A third is poor University and recent grads. A third is wealthy engineers, developers, business people.	That last third seems like a stretch to me, and you did not count your average old people who aren't wealthy.
the internet elders said you could use it	Stephen Hawking demagnetised it himself!
Im sorry to interrupt, but is this subreddit only about RCT &amp; RCT 2 or also the 3? I havent seen a lot of rct3 posts	It's for all three games.  Just not as many play that here compared to 1 and 2.
No no! newlinechar  newlinechar You're supposed to come up with something more clever, then we go back and forth, not just echo the same sentiment.	Yeah, fuck nebraska. lolz
I do have to say that 120mm usually only run at about 2k rpm at the very max in all the ones I've seen so I do have to doubt this statement.	You guys made me start questioning my memory, but then found that I [posted about it the day it happened](http://www.supermensa.org/forums/showthread.php?1607-Post-yer-rigs&amp;p=110417&amp;viewfull=1#post110417), so I'm sticking to my story that my fan was a cheap POS and I destroyed it with impunity. 
I thought that was proven to be physically impossible?	To be fair, you didn't say it had to be realistic.
Dyrus champion pool.  ;_; newlinechar  newlinechar So good.  Tears of joy. newlinechar  newlinechar Karthus game 1, rumble game 2. newlinechar  newlinechar This guy.  I love him.	Oh Zac is up? Meh.
I've never really known whether to take that as a negative comment or a positive one.	I've always seen it as just pretty much factual. 
What type of pickaxe is that?	Tinker's Construct pickaxe of some sort, has auto-repairing moss on it along with a diamond and an emerald for durability. Also has lapis on it for fortune. As for the materials used to make the pick itself, I can only point out a small purple bit of the pick, which would mean it is made of  Manyulluyn, being too red for Obsidian.
Q____________Q Even without trading Lolly. I just wanted Monique to go to a place where she would be appreciated, most people dislikes her! :C And she is really nice!	A lot of people dislike the Snooty personality, and I don't know why, I adore my Ankha. 
So, he just flew off the handle and fired you? You sound like an outstanding employee so I just have a hard time picturing this.  Did he mention and other reason as to why he did this? newlinechar 	I found out *later* what the problem was, but at the time I had no idea. newlinechar  newlinechar Like I said in my post, he was extremely supportive of me going to school. I was taking two classes and left half an hour early four days a week to make it on time. I skipped my traditional 30 minute lunches on those days to account for it. In no way, shape, or form did it detract from my quality of work or timeliness. When he fired me, I had four classes left before I was done. Apparently, he couldn't afford to lose two more hours of my time that week. I shit you not, a confidant of his who still worked there, told me he said it. That employee and I had been friends, still talk to this day, and I used him to probe and keep his ear low to the ground for me to find out reasons. This was one of them. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, apparently, he thought my head was getting too big because my confidence had grown immensely due to my degree of success at work. He felt like I was trying to take his job. Sorry old hippie; I'm not looking to do this for the rest of my life. I hate signs, I just enjoy my job. newlinechar  newlinechar Most likely, the reason was because of my father's restaurant. He owns a large chain of restaurants as part of a franchise and our city's NBA team is partnered up with him for a lot of stuff. My dad was getting **massive** window stickers installed in his downtown restaurant (his first location) to advertise for the basketball team. DM and his wife were friends with my parents; their only daughter and my middle sister were and still are close friends. That's how all of this came about to begin with. Anyway, naturally my dad turned to DM and wanted his company to do the install. They did the first of what was going to be many installs a week before I was fired and fucked up royally. I was the one who answer my father's raging phone call when he tried reaching DM, who doesn't believe in having a PC or a cell phone. His employees do, but he doesn't. So I got to field the call. And do the field inspection. Because no one wanted near this. The restaurant chain is very well known, and it was no secret my dad's the dude who owns it. The kicker? The sign company refused to take responsibility for any of it. newlinechar  newlinechar Shortly after I was termed, DM refused to return to the site to fix the poorly done work. It turned into a problem that grew way out of hand because the sign company battled the terms of the contract. My father took him to court, won, got all his money plus some back, and had DM's sign company blacklisted not only by the main franchise headquarters, but by the main arena here in the city where our NBA team plays, X-Games comes, and major shows are played at. This forced a lot of existing projects with the sign company to get cancelled because the arena in town did previously have them as their preferred installer. DM's company lost both the restaurant's national and regional business (here in the state, my father just opened his 21st restaurant), but is blacklisted by our city's arena and smaller colosseum it oversees as well where smaller acts perform.  newlinechar  newlinechar The entire incident put a lot of stress on DM and I the week between the poor install and me being fired. I have a feeling this is the largest contributing factor to my termination. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Sorry, this wasn't very clear. My *father* isn't the one who got them blacklisted; the respective restaurant franchise board and NBA / entertainment partners backed out due to the experience my father had been through. Neither of them wanted to work with a company who put one of their partners through what the sign company did to my father. It just goes to show how far good customer service versus bad customer service can take you. newlinechar 
oh lol newlinechar 2366-4494-9615	that explains why i didn't get any responses!
I understand the logic, if the comp was fair then the attendances would be secondary to the equal treatment of clubs. Either everyone would have to play at Skilled or no one would. But I'm not knew to the AFL, I understand that all they care about is $$$.	 newlinechar It's not as black and white as you may think. There are so many contributing factors.   The comp is fair, I just don't think you're able to see it.  The AFL cannot please everyone, it's impossible that's why they are giving every opportunity for a balanced amount of supporters to watch the game with regards to ticketing, and MCC Members.  Of course $$$ is a major contributing factor, it is a business and the purpose of business is generate as much revenue as possible.   newlinechar  newlinechar Geelong do play VIC teams at KP, Melbourne, StKilda, Richmond (to some extent), North Melbourne.  Clubs like Collingwood, Carlton, Essendon, Hawthorn have over 40,000 members, they have less room for movement in their membership packages with regards to finals etc.  newlinechar 
All-Star status!!!!	Dyrus played like a champion. 
Dammit I knew that didn't sound right.	*Rocket hug*
Neither was Final Fantasy 1, Tomb Raider 1, or the original game of many of these series'.	Well it's greatest games of the decade. OP is telling people to say 'Fallout' which isn't in this decade.
http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/cmwov/hey_reddit_what_tattoos_do_you_have/c0tpyls newlinechar  newlinechar Delivered. You're lucky I'm procrastinating right now.	Thanks son! I owe you one delivery!
1 like = 1 respeckt	tru
I'll try to watch the whole episode later and report back. 	thank you SO much. very much appreciated. I'm teaching a lecture on the Talking Heads and was really hoping to have this sketch in there, but haven't been able to find it yet. my students will be grateful upon confirmation that it exists in the world!
Kendra was trained her whole life in preparation for the *possibility* of becoming the Slayer - that's how her people worked, they knew about the vampires and Slayers and believed it was a huge honour. Faith, I'm pretty sure, was a huge liar, trying to be macho. She *could* have had all those crazy experiences, but I doubt she had *all* of them. She always seemed a little batshit crazy and exaggerating stories of how badass she was seems right in character. Obviously the Kakistos story was legit because he killed her Watcher - could have been the first monster she ever faced and she just sucked. Oh, and you get a Watcher like straight away when you're 'called'. Buffy's first Watcher showed up immediately when the previous Slayer died and he also got killed before the summer was out.	I missed that part about Kendra's people being in on it. I guess Faith being full of shit makes enough sense. Alright then, carry on!
Lol you asshole	hey, I'm not the one sending you dick pics that you know of. 
Lions are older than your franchise son.	All the more sad we haven't sniffed a Super Bowl.
Thanks for the support! How do you go about looking for caves?	You can run around all over the over world and most of the time youll see them since they have pots and chests. If not, you can dig straight down and you'd have to be the unluckiest terrarian to not hit a cave.
&gt; F9Y6KYBNXF5 newlinechar  newlinechar got it thanks	\^^
[](/ajbook) Well, I am a doctor.	[](/cheeriwaitwhat) You serious? No. You can't be.
Thanks, I've been muffing that up for a solid month, then.	Yeah... I just haven't had the heart to tell you until now... :P It's alright, though! I'm really looking forward to him tonight. SKC is a team against which we will really need his creative ability.
You'll find I'm serious more often than I'd like to be.  This is, however, a serious moment, yes.	In that case, THANK YOU.
TSM already has Regi's other worldly Karthus, plus DYRUS' GODLIKE KARTHUS ? 	I think Dyrus' Karthus is even scarier - I think his fits better in the current meta.  Better to have regi on that ahri/zed type assassin and Dyrus on global artillery/teamfight zoning.
From what I've heard they have to let the pedo do all the initiating. Like initiating the conversation and if they want to meet up. 	...so, you basically just hang out in a chart room talking about Justin Beiber and how everything is lame omg until some pedo starts chatting you up? newlinechar That's a weird job.
Holy shit, who were the grumps before the grumps!?	The Forgotten Elders. Their name's have passed into the shadows.
Waste of pocket	It's more pocket though! 
**SHAMPOO BOTTLE SPOILER ABOVE**	Aw, come on man!
The joke is more aimed at nephrologists starting dialysis on someone who's already actively dying.  newlinechar  newlinechar And to say that a certain specialty should never have to talk about palliative care is kind of appalling. Treating patients ethically is everyone's responsibility.	It is everyone's responsibility, and it is surprisingly often that a nephrologist has to be the one to broach the subject of palliative care.  But it should be the job of primary or the person who specializes in the disease said person is actively dying from who has that kind of frank discussion.  It is sad when the nephrologist has to be the first one to tell someone that they are dying of cancer or COPD or CHF, etc.  
If I absolutely had to guess, I'd say that it was sugar falling out of suspension.  	Listen to this guy.
Ah, thanks! You're a life saver!	yeah, my way is way to complicated he's more right
&gt;what is a polarized filter? newlinechar  newlinechar [CPL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polarizing_filter_%28photography%29) is a glass element that can be attached to the front of any given lens that will negate reflections that are at ~90degress to the incident light.  By rotating the filter you will see the sky darken with deep blues and unwanted reflections from water at 90degrees or glass and to some degree metal surfaces vanish (this cannot be done using PS).  CPL decrease light by 2 stops (theoretically, practically some more) so you will have to compensate with a slower shutter, wider aperture or higher ISO.  But mostly since it is used during bright light conditions it turns out to be OK compromise. newlinechar  newlinechar I would not fuss with the 'A) 0.45 wide angle lens B) 2X telephoto lens C) a three piece filter kit ( uv-cpl-fld)'.  Because all these attachments will degrade lens resolution (which is nice for this X20).  And do not go with filter kits, it will cost less but usually those are subpar glass.  trust B+W brand or Heliopan or Hoya.  You do not want the extra piece of glass to interfere, degrade or introduce artifacts to the fine lens the X20 sports.	You are the best, thank you newlinechar  I can hug you :)  newlinechar  newlinechar I'm saving this post for reference, I'll look into those brands and for a polarized filter.  newlinechar  newlinechar I appreciate your time :) 
I know someone who does that, it's so gross...	Oh my god why....
Wow, it caught a 4 million dollar mistake that someone else made?  So did they give you a raise?	No, ha, but I did get invited to dinner at the CFO's house and have one of the best references a person could ask for.
[](/acceptingtwilicorn) *My* bollocks are perfectly descriptivist, thank you very much.	[](/fluttershh)I need to see to confirm.
Actually I am from the future and that is the scoreline. 	Well damn.  Anything from the North London Derby tomorrow?
Frank!	Redditor for 8 months, he checks out
+90.	I need to plan this just right, with just the right amount of potatoey-goodness. newlinechar      newlinechar If you need me, I'll be in my laboratory. 
Its hard to hate someone you haven't heard about. 	Therefore, according to your logic, more than 6 billion people must share the award of the least hated person in the world, since every one can't 'know' more than, say, a few hundreds persons at most.
My boss had this happen to him last week. The exterminator asked him if they’d gnawed through his walls yet—apparently a common occurrence. :\	If they were actually bees and not wasps he should have called the closest bee farm and had them take them. They will often come take them for free. It's a win win situation.  
But not next weekend, okay? Whatever sic em means, don't do it in Athens next weekend!!	Sorry, streink. I cannot make such horrible promises!
The win streak is going to have to have raised their morale by at least a bit though, so they're going to be playing on their top game. Hopefully they can beat C9 and take first again.	&gt;beat C9 newlinechar  newlinechar if this happens, win streaks are going to be nerfed, i guarantee.
Yeah, I didn't graduate from the first three colleges I went to either. newlinechar 	Learning be hard!
He ran so far away.	He ran all night and day. newlinechar 
That isn't how that works.	The water is for diluting the concentration of chemicals in your pee.  Sometimes they'll call you out on that, though, because it's obvious that you're mostly just pissing water.  I've heard you're supposed to use some kind of juice to avoid that happening?  I'm not sure, never looked into it much as it's never been relevant for me.
You put your cursor over the photo (if it's online), you right click, and then you go down to 'copy image url'	oh, thank you!
[](/notimpressed) No. You owe me clop or music	[Fine. Here's a good song.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uqqbwLEvXU)
They have.	Is there a name?
Froggen is having a child.	And Ocelote is the father.
As a straight man, I would act exactly the same. I'm in a happy relationship and I don't feel the need to flirt with every cute girl anymore. I still enjoy sticking my penis in her vagina, so I don't think I'm gay.  newlinechar  newlinechar I kind of dislike that people think men need to always have sex on their mind. Hot girl with a guy but reacting? Must be gay and only sexually reacts to other men.  newlinechar  newlinechar Some guys are happy and don't want to bone every living thing. 	[Hah! Gayyy!](http://fc08.deviantart.net/fs70/f/2012/099/0/7/hah__gayyy__gif_2_0_by_lucky43539-d4vkbpb.gif) 
Not even meth...	Why buy stickers when you can buy meth?
it turned out okay.   Unfortunate circumstance of her doggie being under the weather on a holiday wknd when her normal vet was closed.  more of a better safe than sorry deal for an old lady of a dog.      newlinechar  newlinechar But damn a couple of serious cases came in while we were waiting.   dogs who ate rat poison!!! :(  I saw several people leaving without their animals in tears.    Not a happy place to spend the morning.   newlinechar  newlinechar Thank you for being kind.     newlinechar  newlinechar off topic:  you performing at all this fall?	yeah, i'm in 2 choirs and a wind ensemble at a university, still doing the Modesto Symphony Orchestra Chorus, and I'm also in a newly started professional chamber choir called Cantoribus here in Modesto. i'm sure more things will come up too lol.  newlinechar  newlinechar that is not how i would've wanted to spend my morning. poor dogs, though. good on you for doing what you can to help!
haha. enjoy it while you can! Having kids certainly bumps up the price of food shopping :P Plus my parents live too far for me to steal food anymore =[ Other wise I'd be at my moms raiding her food right about now haha	Oh god I know. Kids are ridiculously expensive. My first nephew is due on the 30th, so I've been spending my make-up money on the most adorable little babygrows and stuff. It's worth it though. 
I thought Jones had a more spectacular performance. Flacco played well but he played to his level. Jones exceeded my, and I think many people's, expectations for him as a receiver.	He still was only responsible for 2 touchdowns to Flacco's 3.   A passer rating of 124 or whatever it was is crazy in a Super Bowl.    Plus Jacoby only had one catch.  I can see where you're coming from, I just think Flacco deserved it more.
Exercising and eating healthy wouldn't hurt though.	Exactly, but for some reason HAES followers tend to discredit many forms of exercise. HAES is 'health at every size' so yes, if you truly are 'healthy at every size' then you'll be able to run a few miles and walk up the stairs without breaking a sweat. newlinechar  newlinechar But no, running is bad for you tee^hee
Someone like Omer Asik or Dwight Howard would be ideal.;)	I agree, how about we swap Pek for Dwight
Well, high heels do more than just add to height. They shape legs and butt. 	They seem pretty nice to begin with.
Women should be offended that this insinuates they are not as responsible as men.	In a if fervent world maybe but I don't see many women protesting that they are not wing treated fairly under the law. newlinechar  newlinechar Gotta promote that female privilege that beings special treatment
I know. I'm already yelling at the tv. 	Same. 3 plays and I'm already criticizing Bobo? Yep, college football is back.
I can't hang. Eating Shin Ramyun was like Satan himself taking a steaming hot shit in my mouth. 	It saved my life in college when the cold New Hampshire winters ravaged my exposed freshman dorm.
Positive: newlinechar  newlinechar - It should only take you about 10 games or so to get used to controls. newlinechar  newlinechar - It's easier to call for ammo/health as you can type it to the team. newlinechar  newlinechar Negatives: newlinechar  newlinechar - Getting shit on by a WHOLE TON of level 100s. newlinechar  newlinechar - Punkbuster newlinechar  newlinechar - You might not see find enough servers initially. Just scroll down (when searching for servers on Battlelog), as Battlelog doesn't have all the servers on one page. newlinechar  newlinechar - Flying jets is a drag (literally). As I learned recently, try to bind pitch to your spacebar to avoid having to drag the mouse in a harsh, repeated motion. newlinechar  newlinechar - Say goodbye to your K/D. At least for a good while until you can hold your own on PC.	If the game is played on PC the same as it on xbox 360, then I know what not to do. Like run through a huge open field surrounded by great sniping places. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Flying jets newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah, I heard it's harder on PC. I'm decent at flying on xbox 360. newlinechar  newlinechar It'll be frustrating. I'm good at BF3 on xbox 360. Except for today. Today I sucked.
how difficult is that game? a friend of mine described it with an example, one of the heroines, given a certain choice, [] (/s 'axes you to death, with insight of her father or something'). what it sounds like to me is that you play through it a bunch of times and eventually you sort of feel which answers you should give for the desired ending. is that right or does it help you out a little?  newlinechar  newlinechar i want to play it, but i dont like using guides, only peeking at them to see the general structure of the game (linear like steinsgate and g senjou or branching like little busters or katawa shoujo), recommended route order, and how the choices work. 	With 999 the different endings are reached based on the doors you choose. The puzzles are not *too* difficult, but they are challenging.
A lot of people dislike the Snooty personality, and I don't know why, I adore my Ankha. 	I have Ankha too!! Yes, I like that personality too. Sometimes they are nicer than peppy villagers!
Ok?  I was just expressing my opinion, like you just said yours.  Obviously not everyone has the same opinion, hence me expressing mine, which goes against the circlejerk here and hence the downvotes.	You just called the people who enjoy his videos 12 year olds, hence the downvotes.  People don't enjoy being called 12 year olds.
AIN'T NOTHIN FINER IN THE LAND!!	THAN A DRUNK OBNOXIOUS GEORGIA FAN!
That was the biggest bullshit call I've ever seen in my life.  He was clearly tucking the ball and moving.  Fumbled.  TD Herd.  There was no ruling on the field.  They went to the booth and the booth made the call 15 minutes later.  Horseshit.	Yeah, we got screwed over.
Yeah, I know that road well. And I will be the last one to condemn it. You do what you have to do, absent a diagnosis and adequate treatment. People are quick to judge, but they don't have to live in your head.  newlinechar  newlinechar In my experience- and that's all it is- people who are drinking all the time or doing drugs probably have some unaddressed underlying issue. We are living the leeches and bleedings age of mental health, brothers, and it is rough out there. And unfortunately, a lot of people like us kill themselves before they ever get a chance to sort it out.  So, in my mind, whatever gets you through the night is alright. newlinechar  newlinechar That said, don't waste any time in trying to find professionals who can help you figure it out. At least that way you will know if you are drinking because you want to or because you need to.	&gt;e are living the leeches and bleedings age of mental health newlinechar  newlinechar I say this all the time, amen. Especially with drug treatment.
How much of that has gone into New York mobsters pockets who control the construction industry?	Personally I have no experience with organized crime, project I've been involved with are too high profile or affiliated with public agencies, though I know people who have. I don't know how prevalent organized crime still is, but typically they'll demand to put on a few workers on payroll who don't actually exist and collect their pay. Contractors can make upwards of $150 an hour so this adds up quickly 
Oh Zac is up? Meh.	We have two ADC's that would love super disruption so we can dish out our damage? newlinechar  newlinechar Don't need, top lane Nasus pls.
We use the phrase 'pancakes sound good right now.'  newlinechar Seriously. 	Whoa, food is a great topic idea! She loves cooking too, so it would work perfectly! Thanks! newlinechar 
Nay	I smite thee with downvotes
Is...Is this post actually serious?  newlinechar  newlinechar Because Spencer was 100% joking.......	OP needs to lay off the sauce.
Did you bail out at the last moment so the car could fly over the cliff and take out the bad dude's helicopter?	Of course. We actually hit the only telephone pole on the side of the road. Hit it dead center too. It hurt but not as much as dying would've. Needless to say, I prayed that night.
To be clear, is the accent you are referring to be something like [Tim Gunn's](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=_n0OyaqpHa0#t=12) speech? newlinechar  newlinechar 	Yea, more or less. There are other aspects to it maybe like Rip taylor or Paul Lynde (obviously these are exaggerated personas, but the basic cadence is the same). 
Yep. No clue what was going through his head when he e'd into turtle 1v4 and ended up getting chunked to half and blowing his flash. Then he walks to the baron fight and e's on top of a rumble/cait/thresh and gets instagibbed when he could have just poked with q's and killed everyone. So sad :\	Oh that was such a bad play he could have stopped the baron as blue ez if he didn't go suicide mode into the team.
She coated herself in [Never Wet™](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZrjXSsfxMQ).	So that's what my girlfriend uses
Whipped, salted butter or nothing. I splurge for breakfast. I can do diet meals for lunch and dinner, but breakfast is sacred. Land o' Lakes whipped salted butter or NOTHING. Those are your choices.	I'm onboard. Land o' Lakes whipped salted butter forever.
*Wiped out by another civilization or wipe themselves out is more plausible* newlinechar  newlinechar You also have to factor in star collapse....solar systems don't last forever	I'm not trying to be an asshole but you're telling me that a civilization that can travel from planet to planet using FTL or wormholes, or whatever, would go extinct from their solar systems sun/star dying?
no such thing as too ambitious. newlinechar  newlinechar I'd rather a too ambitious failure than a not ambitious repeat of prior games.	I've been let down too many times by big promises not being delivered on to agree with that sentiment.
No Sweden owns it!	Jävla Perkele, it's FINNISH!
Alvin Baily and John lotu in case anyone was wondering.  newlinechar  newlinechar Also - I thought Hill and Williams would be interior pass rush? 	Hill is a guy that has that ability yeah, but not in the same mold as Bennett. I'm talking about the 280 pound type guys. But Hill's versatility may have been what caused JS to cut Brooks.  Williams is purely a run stuffer. I was actually talking about Bradford, Bobby's back up. 
You'll learn soon then! :)	okay. :(
This song reminds me of my son I gave birth to and lost in September. I cry when I hear it. 	I'm so sorry for your loss :(
Pelini hates recruiting.  Even at LSU, he made it so he didn't have to recruit anyone.  With our location, we must have good recruits, because we produce only 1-3 caliber players per year in state.	he's starting to change in that regard though. he's growing as a head coach and realizing that he can't get around that anymore.
10/10 is creepy	So...... Wanna go out?
Have you played (or even seen) a game called hit man? Quite literally about an assassin, modern day.  newlinechar  newlinechar Whether you like that game or not it clearly shows you could have a modern day setting for an assassin game.  newlinechar  newlinechar Also I believe that watchdogs will either be related to the assassins world or a dry run for a modern day assassin game	You're not getting it. Talking about Assassin's Creed assassins, you know. The ones that brawl like Altair, Ezio, and Connor. Even with all the changes, it's one of the things that make AC games what they are. Take it away and it quickly becomes Splinter Cell, Saboteur, Velvet Assassin, Wanted, MGS, etc. Hitman isn't really at all relevant because it's more about HOW you make the kill, doesn't really matter in AC.
I'm a man who believes that I'm a woman and I demand to have access to any and all woman locker rooms. I will never have gender reassignment surgery because I have a fear of hospitals. Also, the woman I believe I am on the inside is a lesbian.	I'm a dude playing a dude disguised as another dude, and I need acceptance, too! newlinechar  newlinechar And an Oscar!
The case was dismissed on ground that suggested the moderation staff was immune to be prosecuted on the moderation choice of banishment. newlinechar  newlinechar And appeal was filed  newlinechar  newlinechar *ok you gotz me i filed it*  newlinechar  newlinechar that this is not the case newlinechar  newlinechar [13KCC-1h8nc1-06](http://www.reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/1h8nc1/people_of_reddit_vs_moderator_u24601g_for_1_count/) newlinechar  newlinechar People of Reddit vs moderator /u/24601G  newlinechar  newlinechar This case was based on the guilty party's choice to ban moderator /u/Manwithoutmodem for the quickmeme scandal of June 2013 newlinechar  newlinechar As a result of this case  president has been set that Moderators actions of bans and obstruction of justice are accountable here in Karmacourt. Honorable Judge Audio made an error when he made his dismissal, as he was unaware of the past case president.  newlinechar  newlinechar **I Justice V Maverick will overrule his ruling to dismiss based on past case whatever and such.** You MAY CONTINUE THESE SHENANIGANS newlinechar  newlinechar *STRIKES JUSTICE GAVEL* newlinechar  newlinechar  	Thank you Justice Maverick. newlinechar  newlinechar **COURT IS NOW IN SESSION** newlinechar  newlinechar *smashes sledgegavel* newlinechar  newlinechar Prosecution and Defense may now begin their opening statements. newlinechar  newlinechar Now as I said...**LETS BOOGY*
If you are talking about Quadrillions of becquerels you might want to use SI prefixes like petabecquerel to avoid confusion over Billion/Milliard thing, or you might switch to curie. newlinechar  newlinechar Using 'quadrillions of becquerel' is not about conveying information is a useful format, but about getting an emotional response along the lines of 'that sounds like a lot'.	*Is it* a lot?
What prediction?	He said Vulcun would win 2-1 or 2-0.
And you have a crush on Jennifer Aniston?	Well, shes not bad looking. She was damn good looking in office space.
Is Q-Dance taking over Top40 from Fear.FM?	Hardstyle top 40 has always been independent (I believe.) It's just Fear.FM was more involved with the whole top 40 thing. If I remember correctly the top 40 show was played on both Q-dance radio and Fear.FM, but now that Fear.FM sadly doesn't exist anymore, the show is only on Q-dance.
I'm not gonna use any of the keys but I just wanted to let you know that you are an awesome person and thanks for doing this.	No, you're awesome! 
[](/twiblush)I stopped advertising it. newlinechar  newlinechar Especially after she tried to kill me. But that means I can help more...	[](/spikenervous) Just remember, we are all in this together. newlinechar  newlinechar [](/spikepushy 'Well, that sounded lame') I... ^still ^need ^to ^^get ^^over ^^my ^^family's ^^deaths
I didn't know that. I sort of assumed what you liked in real life was what you enjoyed in porn.	I'm sure it depends on the person.  Probably the same thing with fantasies - what some people fantasize about probably doesn't match exactly with what they want to do in real life.
By all that is dank, I will have the pleasure of smoking you out one day. newlinechar &lt;/fanboy&gt;	I sure hope so! Until then, nugs and hugs! 
Who's the best?	We the best.
good luck with your endeavors. 	thanks! Good luck with yours too. 
I also found someone interested in the cowboys so there's another person	Awesome!
You are perfect!	Far from it, but you're sweet. :)
TEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEM	TSM
No no no, they have Disney Princess heads...	Well I meant that these are really just street fighter themed rather than Marvel VS Capcom.
This is sounds more like a personal thing than a store policy. At least I have never been to a subway that didn't allow free water cups 	The only subway that I've ever been to that has charged for a water cup was across the street from my high school. I guess they got fed up with kids coming in to get water. 
Large.	Could you go into depth about it?
I don't have advice, sorry, but I'm thrilled to hear a 2nd grader wanted to continue a debate about evolution with his teacher. That's awesome.	I had the same reaction. If anything, it gives me hope that with each generation, kids are less willing to believe crazy bible stories as scientific fact. 
OP needs to lay off the sauce.	I'm stupid.  I quit.  
Congrats!  I...I don't have a yard :(	You can share mine. I'll give you the grass patch by the rabbits 
I've been trying to read it for like 5 minutes. Can someone please explain.	First letter to last, then add ay.
Tits or GTFO	I literally went out and got a fedora just to say, this. 
[](/fluttershh)I need to see to confirm.	[](/twisure) You say that like I have any pants on.
Gorgeous!! What species?	retic
For now yeah. But we've all seen what happens to titans that piss Eren off. 	I hope it becomes more of an annoyance than anything. newlinechar  newlinechar Mikasa: Damn it!Eren was eaten by a titan again. newlinechar  newlinechar Armin: (sigh) I'll go get my swords.
My SO is going to think I'm a complete weirdo if I get up and take a pic lol	Yeah same and my flatmates, especially when it's like half one in the morning xD newlinechar  newlinechar Plus it'd be even weirder because my camera smashed the other week so I'd need like angle and position my laptop webcam to take a photo! Haha!
Full body workouts tend to be better for beginners because it's a higher training volume/frequency that usually results in faster progress. newlinechar  newlinechar So full body workout with 2 pushing movements, 2 pulling movements, 1-2 leg movements, and a core movement 3x a week would probably be best. newlinechar 	Thanks for the help!
&gt; For whatever reason, that was their choice, some people don't want to learn Linux, some people need Windows for compatibility with work software, others don't know any better. newlinechar  newlinechar You make a really good point. This rings true for any operating system/choice of computer, really.  newlinechar  newlinechar So what if you have a PC? Who cares if you use OS X? Who gives a damn if you use Linux? If it works for them and they're happy with their setup, whether it be PC, Mac, or Linux, who are you to say they're wrong for using what they're happy with, regardless of their level of computer literacy, how much they spent, or personal UI preference? newlinechar  newlinechar For example, it annoys me to no end when someone asks for software help for Mac, or asks an honest question about Mac compatibility, and the first response is almost always: 'Get a PC.' And then when someone complains about viruses on their PC, one of the answers is almost always something along the lines of: 'Macs and Linux don't get viruses as much.' It's present on every side, whether it be PC vs. Mac or Mac vs. Linux or Linux vs. PC. newlinechar  newlinechar Seriously, I wish those types of people would just get off their high horse and just help someone/answer a question when someone makes an honest inquiry (if they can). And if they can't answer it, either ignore the thread or just be kind and help them search for an answer instead of being unhelpful or an overall asshat.	I'm totally with you there. Operating systems are tools like any other, and some operating systems (and the software available for them) are better for different tasks. If I were asking for a screw driver, you wouldn't offer me a shovel. So why do the same when it comes to software and OSs?
My mom just seems like the *last* person in the world I would ever fuck. Like, very last. Below my dad, brother, someone with razors in their vagina...anybody. 	Always kill mom
What's a hummer?	I...really? It's a colloquial term for a blowjob. A fairly common term, I thought.
It totally isn't. I've had one. It's thinly sliced and layered perfection.	Perhaps if you could provide a sample I might be persuaded to agree. 
Yes I am. I saw things that night that will stay with me until I die. I've tried to block the memories out of my head, but I haven't been able to do it. I remember seeing a woman unhinge her jaw and bite the head off of an obese man with a ponytail and an Undertaker shirt on. Her mouth must have opened at least a foot. There was blood everywhere! Then a pair of pterodactyl wings sprouted out of her back and she flew around the arena puking all over the crowd. I didn't go to another WWF event for a few years after that. 	Fuck the haters this is golden, please tell us more stories from that fateful night, if it's not too painful to remember them.
Whoops.	Thanks for covering the bases just in case though &lt;3
&gt; not suspicious at all newlinechar  newlinechar No? Because you said newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;obvious shilling is obvious. newlinechar  newlinechar I mean, at least bother to check his post history before being a cunt.	Well, even if he was a shill (which, as you and the accused both pointed out, his post history checks out) who cares? I mean...it's a pretty well compiled list of information. I say bring on the quality shilling!
How exciting! I wish I lived someplace cool... I should move to columbus...	[](/fluttershy)Who's Columbus?
Or you can just google Arsenal Player and go directly there.	player.arsenal.com
Is there a name?	http://mtglegacy.reddit.com/
[Fine. Here's a good song.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uqqbwLEvXU)	[](/twiponder) I guess I have to accept that
Oh, I hate that the weather didn't cooperate :( newlinechar  newlinechar You look gorgeous!	I hate it too!!  Not much rain all summer.. then it took a huge dump on my birthday.  Oh well, had a great time at the movies. :) newlinechar  newlinechar Thank you &lt;3
I prefer to think of myself as a warning for people like you. A group of kids in my neighborhood used that story as a warning for quite awhile after they left me to die that chilly day.	really?  most kids in my neighbourhood who did that promptly suggested to others that licking a pole would be a great idea.
Yeah, the NC nor VS have ever had 'OP' weapons. Never. Good to see your objectivity is in line with your intelligence.	Let's see, the Magrider was incredibly OP at release, this was nerfed although troughout every topic discussing this there were plenty of VS complaining that people were complaining constantly, or when the photon pods were much better then those of others and the same happend newlinechar  newlinechar Same goes for the NC scatter MAX, or the phoenix, or the SAW way back in Beta, and everytime annoying idiots to scared of losing their toys complained about the complains newlinechar  newlinechar But just because other people were acting like this doesn't justify it for you or anyone else to do the same every god damn time. newlinechar  newlinechar But good to see you just call me a hypocrite before I even say anything about the other factions like some childish idiot.
Honest question: Which has more money earned? Because I certainly don't measure 'biggest game' by hours played, but by profits earned. It could very well be LoL... I do not know... hence the question.	I don't know about money or hours played, but back in 2011 they released data saying they had 70 million registered players and 32 million active players(each month).  newlinechar  newlinechar To compare, xbox live had 40 million subscribers at the time.
Well if you look closely, Bloodwater and Zuna died very fast. He was probably just trying to win the fight as they were very close to doing.	If he just kept his distance the worst case scenario was that tsm did a good teamfight though would not be able to take baron or any objectives with it. Best case scenario would be him grabbing up 3 kills by kiting/poking them down
&gt;when you think back on it its a waste of money and time. newlinechar  newlinechar Unless, y'know, you like drinking and dancing. newlinechar  newlinechar 	well, clearly I'm talking about me and OP :)
Terrorism has a set definition just like Communism and socialism because some people label everything as terrorist doesnt't make the concept of terrorism any less concrete.	I thought it was safe to assume they meant the way the word is used is too flexible, but more clarification wouldn't be a bad thing.
[](/cheeriwaitwhat) You serious? No. You can't be.	[](/cbrushie) If I was a doctor, everyone would die, so no, lol.
Ok I will try it. Also why do I need the trial if I just got it free :P	Oh, right :P forgot what post I was replying on
I don't think we need to panic buy when there are cheaper options available.	You're perfectly right. Play it by ear, but don't play it by blind eyes.
I don't see the big deal. Danny Thomas was one.  newlinechar  newlinechar Not Lebanese, Blanche. Lesbian...LESBIAN!...**LESBIAN** newlinechar  newlinechar and that's my favorite Golden Girls quote 	Such a good show. I'm glad I caught this reference immediately
Oh that was such a bad play he could have stopped the baron as blue ez if he didn't go suicide mode into the team.	He could have killed Thresh/Rumble/Cait AND stopped baron if he just stayed back and poked with q's. 
And..and then *sniff* he asked did I have a euro...and when I said no he left...Oh god such sub-human scum	ah now it was 2 euro. Double the scumbaggery.
Well put	Thank you.
What is spoons? 	This was from one of the top Google search results I found: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Take one denomination of card from the deck for each player. Eg. If there are 5 players, take the Aces, Kings, Queens, Jacks, and 10's from the deck. If there are 12 players, use the whole deck. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Get a spoon for every player except one. Eg. if there are 6 players, get 5 spoons. Place the spoons on the table. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Deal out all of the cards. Everyone picks up their cards, and then the dealer starts calling 'Pass!'. When s/he says pass, each player must take one card from their hand and pass it to the left. The dealer can also say 'Pass right' or whatever. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;It works best if the dealer calls this every 3-4 seconds, so no one really has a chance to relax with their cards. This continues until someone gets four-of-a-kind, and then that player grabs a spoon and puts down their cards. All the other players then have to grab for a spoon, the loser being the one left out. If two players grab a spoon and neither lets go, the one holding the large end wins. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Loser must drink to pre-defined rules. Suggested rules are drinking for the number of seconds as the denomination of the winning 4-of-a-kind, or else polishing off their whole drink. newlinechar  newlinechar Here's an alternate source of information: newlinechar  newlinechar http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spoons
I am girl and I currently have that hair.  	Then you are awesome...or should I say Radical?
*hugs*	*Pizzas*
That's not what your mom said 	kteks was fishing for a compliment, ButtPuppett didn't give it to him.  newlinechar  newlinechar Both deserve upvotes.  
&gt;CEO: newlinechar  newlinechar Paul Levesque a.k.a. HHH newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;GMs: newlinechar  newlinechar William Regal and Brad Maddox  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Commentary Team newlinechar  newlinechar CM Punk, Michael Cole, Paul Heyman and/or Josh Matthews newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;WM-only: newlinechar  newlinechar No one newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;4 Big-money matches per year: newlinechar  newlinechar Cena, Orton newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;oldtimer putting over young talent newlinechar  newlinechar Cena, The Miz newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Top Faces newlinechar  newlinechar Cody Rhodes, Seth Rollins, Dolph Ziggler newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Top Heels newlinechar  newlinechar Damien Sandow, Bray Wyatt,  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Big Men tweeners newlinechar  newlinechar Ryback,Big E newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Top Divas: newlinechar  newlinechar Paige, Summer Rae newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 	You honestly think Maddox will be GMing for 12 years? HAHA
That's the same as me. I occasionally buy something special but the vast majority of my coins are worth less that $5.	Occasionally, I'll buy silver coins, but nothing worth more than the silver and that's really only to play with the market a bit.
Just bought it, headed home now, already feeling the excitement of a new FF game	You'll probably have a bit of trouble getting online with it after installing to be honest. I personally wish I'd waited a week or so to pick it up. There's a super high volume of players online and most na/eu worlds are most likely going to be full up for a few hours yet. I'm having a blast with the game when I can actually play it though 
Wow that is truly amazing.. Don't worry, you will get famous with that. newlinechar  newlinechar After close inspection i see some are photo's	Wow, thank you!   newlinechar  newlinechar Yes, photographing is another hobby of mine!
Maybe, but you also have to consider they're playing against Kentucky, who's trying to run the Air Raid offense with personnel that just aren't meant for that type of offense.	Ah. I don't know much about them this year. I just know WKY was decent last year, and now have Petrino. So I'm wary of them.
Well if it's snowing of course on hand is on the steering wheel. The other could be holding a cup of coffee, or alternatively an ipod/cellphone. But generally in winter I keep both hands on the wheel. newlinechar  newlinechar In the summer however, I usually eat some ice cream or whatever when biking, so it's nice to be able to brake with my feet.	Fair enough. I'm mostly bicycling to work myself. But the terrain here and the traffic makes me far to paranoid to do anything but bicycling when I'm bicycling. Then again, I currently live in a place where I can be terrified of walking so there is that.
If you've ever driven in heavy traffic on narrow freeways you'll know that sometimes you just can't leave any space. There's a rule I learned growing up in Houston - If you give them space, they'll take it. newlinechar  newlinechar edit: Many of you seem to misunderstand. In heavy traffic there is no where to go, if you let them you'll be bumper to bumper with both the merging car and the car behind you. It's better to leave just under a car length than let him in and be stuck with a foot and a half on both bumpers.	I have driven in NYC all my life. People here drive like aggressive assholes. I make a point to leave enough room between me and the car in front. If someone merges into that gap then you slow down and leave enough room between that car now. There's just no valid excuse for following too closely.
Fantastic shot! Thank you so much for sharing. 	You're welcome! 
The Bandit card in the rogue deck says it whenever you play it.	Also, if you combo the card (which you're most likely doing) it will summon a 2/1 bandit who follows up with a 'Yeah, beat it!'.
[](/aj12)	[](/kittyshy-invert) I feed on stupid Dwarves.
How the hell do you do 70 on a bike? Were you on a 70 degree hill?	In some countries/dialects bike usually means motorcycle, and I assume that this is OP's intended meaning.
While it is legal, it's constitutionality is questionable and to my knowledge the courts have never made a ruling on the War Powers Act. I believe the constitutional requirement of a declaration of war was intended to prevent a president from having the power to unilaterally make war and the 60 day limit only stops a president from continuing a war they already made.	Warpowers act was intended for defensive war or if congress was somehow incapacitated. IMO Syria shouldn't qualify in any way under the act as there is absolutely no danger to the US or its allies.
I'm going to work on the lighting tomorrow. 49 straight razors but I have a few more on the way. 21 DE razors. 13 SE razors. 4 injector razors. Bad thing is I've sold a bunch of them lol.	Are all straights shave ready? Any one favorite? Gosh, such a difficult question, you probably love and care for them all... ;)
[](/xx11) thats exactly what its like 	[](/vsmog)Great, I can't fucking wait.
I was more just annoyed and tired when i posted so agreed the language is abit harsh for the subject matter. The example is pretty lame now that i think about it I mainly just want to know how to not feel intimidated by these people or is it just something you get used to?	Yeah it's definitely something you get used to. It really doesn't phase me at all anymore. Be thankful they don't sexually harass you, that's a lot harder to get away from and is not specific to 'scumbags'. 
Pretty sure scurvy is easily reversible and leads to no lasting damage.	Unless it gets so bad your teeth start falling out. Can't really bounce back from that.
As someone who bought this during Alpha launch, I fully understand how long it will take for updates and patches to be released. Anyone who complains about not getting new content is moron - but besides the point, Wollay (the creator) is INCREDIBLY distant with his player base and really don't let us know what's going on at all. newlinechar  newlinechar When Minecraft was in Alpha transitioning to Beta, Notch was constantly writing stuff they were working on from his Twitter feed, and giving expected dates etc. Even a MENTION of problems the game had would be good.  newlinechar  newlinechar I really want Cube World to be awesome, even for the Alpha its super promising and I've put well 40+ hours into it already, but Wallay should definitely be more supportive and welcoming to the people who spent the cash to fund his project.	All this kerfuffle is probably the reason Wollay waited so long to monetize the game. Can't say I'd enjoy being hounded by the intertubes either!  newlinechar  newlinechar Paid alpha's gonna be paid alphas.
No, ha, but I did get invited to dinner at the CFO's house and have one of the best references a person could ask for.	Awesome, I'm glad they appreciated you for it.
Can you not use old childhood photos belonging to a male officer? Or if they have to be very specific, get a minor to be in them and wait for them to come of age and consent to their use?	My guess:  The pictures would likely look too old/dated and would easily give away the fact that they're not talking to who they think they're talking to.
Ooh, I've opened a gearbox with one of those before. A good oh shit moment before I saw this: http://i.imgur.com/vgMzTAE.jpg	funny, I had to file mine down to get it to sit properly
All the more sad we haven't sniffed a Super Bowl.	It's ok lions bro we have Calvin. The best WR in the league.
Bluntly, none of that means squat.  His recanting means nothing. His confession means nothing.  And quite frankly, I think the evidence means nothing.  Seriously, it was a war zone, how much evidence of who threw what grenade does anyone think there was lying around to be collected? newlinechar  newlinechar And really, is there a single person who thinks that if he threw the grenade then he should rot in prison, but if not he should never have been in jail at all? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 	That's true. Peter Worthington wrote a good article on the subject. newlinechar  newlinechar Essentially he argues that regardless of whether or not he is a child, it was a war zone, and he was defending his territory, or something to that effect. People aren't punished for standard acts of war after the war has ended. newlinechar  newlinechar [Khadr is not a traitor -- Peter Worthington](http://www.torontosun.com/2012/04/27/khadr-is-not-a-traitor)  newlinechar  newlinechar At most, Khadr should have been held as a POW until the war was over, and then let go.
[](/fluttershy)Who's Columbus?	It's a city in Ohio. I think...
Don't go to the store first, go to a small market first. Typically you can get cheaper fruits and vegs than your local supermarket.  newlinechar  newlinechar It actually isn't that expensive when you don't shop at a Safeway. 	We have a few local owned produce stops im gonna try out. When I was a kid in New York, there used to be allot of neighborhood gardens. Wish I saw more of that round here.
'Two nations divided, by common language, and about 200 years of new songs and dances, but the difference in language, are just the bits you got wrong because we were the ones who invented the language!' newlinechar  newlinechar It's a song by the streets before anyone gets angry at me for saying they are wrong (America!). ^^^^^^^I'm ^^^^^^^Joking	every time i read something to the affect of 'only the british speak english properly' i think about someone with a thick cockney accent saying it.
There is this gem I found.. ever heard of John Dies at the End?	Have you guys watched Jiro Dreams of Sushi yet?
Maybe you could ask them to send you a copy of the save, it might help a bit. newlinechar  newlinechar But good work so far, I look forward to playing it!	Nah, its like minecraft or lego, half of the fun is building the project itself. 
Giorgi is really taking it to Wozniacki. Damn	Georgi is fucking playing fantastic.  newlinechar  newlinechar I can't remember the last I've been so excited about a female tennis player.
[](/omnom) Good to see ya here newlinechar  newlinechar [](/ns21) Those look heavy	[](/derpyhappy)[Crazy heavy](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f5/GAU-8_meets_VW_Type_1.jpg). They belong on[ one of these](http://www.leberak.com/A-10WARTHOG2.jpg).
Losing weight. 	That's awesome! How much did you lose?
Why? Have I said anything that should get me banned? newlinechar  newlinechar Just check the facts of the story, that's all	No, not this time. I'm referring to your last two times. I don't get why you'd want to stay. It's probable you think we're all insane here. You've questioned us, we answered, then the discussion ended. Yet you stay. I don't get it. 
Alright, call my dad a liar. newlinechar  newlinechar I have much more proof that a plane hit than you do that a JASSM missile hit.  There were SO many people recording footage on that day, so show me 1 video of a JASSM missile hitting and you win.	http://killtown.911review.org/2nd-hit.html newlinechar  newlinechar here you go.  that's all of the footage and images that are known about.   I spared you the excoriation of going through you youtube links one at a time.   Go see for  yourself about  newlinechar  newlinechar TinaCart's video, the first one you linked.   newlinechar  newlinechar Notice the video starts out with the filmers bringing your attention that a plane is about to enter the screen, but keep the camera focused on the towers the whole time.  The camera is not focused on the burning North Tower, but as if they know something's about to come in from the left of the screen.  The location is approx 2.35 miles from the WTC and explosion sound should take approx 11 sec to be heard by the camera, however you can hear the explosion right after the plane disappears into the South Tower. Notice how 'over-acting' the people heard in the background sound (Notice the scream of the women is also heard in the WNBC shot).  Someone passes their arm in front of the lens and later walks in front of the camera as if to 'prove' the footage is real.  These 'amateur' filmers also caught the WTC 1 collapse which you can only hear the women's voice scream, but not as frantic as in the WTC 2 crash video.  Also this video looks very similar to the Robert Clark photos and looks to have only aired once on TV.
Hey hey, that was seriously like 3 minutes after opening it. I've much improved now.	Then fuck yeah!  Get shitty! newlinechar 
Powerpuff Girls is loaded with references and things not only suitable for kids. Like the Cartmen reference or HIM who is a freaking devil transvestite! They also beat shit up all the time and its quite full of violence	The Ponies have actually killed someone, I only recall the Powerpuff girls killing monsters and never humans (on screen anyway) you do realize they were made by quite a few of the same people right? Lauren Faust helped creat PPG and created MLP, one or two of the main writers wrote for PPG and Tara Strong who voiced Bubbles does the voice of the protagonist in MLP, also for a villian they had John DeLancie voice a character named Discord, a chaos spirit, it was basically the same exact role he played in Star Trek the next generation as Q, and while Pony is definitely no where near as violent as PPG well that was a pretty damn violent show you have to admit, even Samurai jack only ever killed robots, trust me MLP: FiM is a lot more like PPG than it would sound at first, you just have to ignore all the old lame, stupidly girly MLP stuff.
The sexing* newlinechar FTFY	I believe the proper term is 'the sexening'
The first reports were that it was an accident. No one immediately thought 'terrorist attack!!!'	But even if it was reported as an accident you would think people would evacuate due to the fumes and whatnot, no?
Link to stream pls	no such thing sadly newlinechar edit: we -might- have a video of it after, I dont know however
Why do we have Weems again?	He's a very good return man and gunner if I remember right.  In addition to being  a capable WR. 
My grandfather reupholsters furniture, it takes him about thirty minutes to do a recliner and uses materials that cost about ten dollars. He charges 3-6 hundred dollars per piece, depending on their size.	=/ I'm going into the wrong business.
Like what, for example?  newlinechar  newlinechar Osteoporosis? Macular Degeneration? Glaucoma? Hearing Loss? Alzheimer's Disease? Cognitive Impairment? Incontinence? Arthritis? Balance Issues? newlinechar  newlinechar All because of Ramen? It's just sodium and carbohydrates. I could understand malnutrition, but, if anyone believes the load of steaming crap that the author of this article presents... They has some severe mental issues.	probably her kidneys and liver have 80 years worth of wear and tear on them
And Ocelote is the father.	Ocelote is always the father.
It's a mechanism to increase page views.  One of the metrics sites use for determining ad slot prices is how many people click through more than one site on the page before going elsewhere.  By putting each entry on separate pages, or at least splitting an article on two or more separate pages, that causes the reader to get at least one more click on the site, thus fulfilling that requirement and allowing the site to charge more money for ad space.	I know why they do it, I just don't like that they do it. 
Someone, somewhere, actually wears hockey pads in their vigilante adventures. Not saying who though.	Could it be.... *theme song* Phoenix Jones?
You're kidding right? newlinechar  newlinechar /r/no_sob_story newlinechar  newlinechar This is a picture of an old man and a girl eating a sandwich on the front page. newlinechar  newlinechar SUCH AN HERO!!!1!! 	Don't forget the as of yet unverified sensationalized story in the title. He 'forced' every last one of his employees to leave the building, based on a 'gut feeling.'  newlinechar  newlinechar ... As if it's not a perfectly reasonable response when the skyscraper next to you has a giant burning hole in it, and as if his employees were super duper eager to stay in the other tower at that time?  newlinechar  newlinechar What the hell OP, I'm sure we're all glad for your dad and his employees surviving but this post is really pointless.
How would that be feasible? You'd have to scrap the use of names and refrain from allowing images of candidates to be released...  Appearance and perceived personality of presidential candidates is a big factor for who people vote for. 	Oh, wouldn't be feasible at all, but it is an interesting idea. As you say a lot of people vote based on what someone looks like, which is an idiotic thing to base a political decision on.
Das ist interresant.  I guess poetic works in this situation considering poem and lyric are closely related.  So, technically grammar is incorrect but they might pass as an artistic statement? newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: typo	The grammar is absolutely fine but slightly unusual. This kind of sentence structure isn't normally used in daily conversations, but very much so in poetry or songwriting.
I would think maybe this has something todo with how the receipt is printed or perhaps whether or not they provide you with a server who speaks English. 	Asian is not a language.
You look like the love child of Ethan Hawke and Martin Freeman.	well i love training day and the hobbit so I'll take that as a compliment!
Regular? What's regular Crush? Cream Soda?	Yeah, sorry, I know it wasn't clear (pun not intended)
Yeah same and my flatmates, especially when it's like half one in the morning xD newlinechar  newlinechar Plus it'd be even weirder because my camera smashed the other week so I'd need like angle and position my laptop webcam to take a photo! Haha!	Hahaha I'm now picturing this and its very funny. I appreciate it lol newlinechar  newlinechar 
Yeah, must suck to get cut 3 different times in a matter of about 2 weeks	With his first child 'due in any moment'
oh, thank you!	You're very welcome.
Which website?	Mountain West's website, the link is at the top of the page under streams. 
Well, technically speaking, the NFL actually is a charity. That's why you only get to see Goodell's salary, and not the league's books. It's also very nice for tax purposes.	No, they're technically a nonprofit. Charities are nonprofit, but not all nonprofit organizations are charities. newlinechar  newlinechar I assume the difference is that charities typically give revenue to serve a cause, while nonprofits keep the revenue for 'growth'. For example: public colleges are non-profit but I doubt anyone would call them charities. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Wikipedia tells me that charities fit under 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code and my guess is NFL is under 501(c)(6) as a 'Business League'. newlinechar  newlinechar [Confirmed on the NFL's Wikipedia page, except trade organization not business league.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NFL#Corporate_structure)
So could make the ugliest most disgusting skin and glitter it in Sadness and sorrow and it reach the top post page? newlinechar  newlinechar 	I heard about another website where people do that...
I suppose i couldn't get away with 'Insufficient data'? (I'm not trying to be obtuse I swear!) newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: this is why I just say 'agnostic' because I'm not prepared to answer this at this time. 	&gt;I suppose i couldn't get away with 'Insufficient data'? (I'm not trying to be obtuse I swear!) newlinechar  newlinechar     If(BelievesInGod==TRUE)then{ newlinechar     Status='Theist'; } newlinechar     Else{ newlinechar     Status='Atheist'; } newlinechar     EndIf newlinechar  newlinechar Does that make it clear enough?
Wasnt there, I was on IRC, undernet #WWF or #wrestling, i dont remember. The channel went nuts, people honestly thought at the time half of the locker room was going to leave in protest.	Dude, I used to go on #wrestling on Undernet all the time.
kurt: WHAT...WHAT...WHAT...[MOTHERFUC-](http://youtu.be/PilBWHgrJ6U?t=20m5s) *TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES, PLEASE STAND BY*	That and the 'Oh shit!' gravel trap
He could have killed Thresh/Rumble/Cait AND stopped baron if he just stayed back and poked with q's. 	He could even have given his team the baron if he didnt go yolo mode onto wildturtle
What? Why?	Because Blurred Lines' lyrics are rather notorious for promoting some fucked up shit. There are heaps of parodies relating to this, this one happens to have been done by some kiwis. 
But LCA doesn't have the same angle on L as LCB, that is what made me give up and seek help on the internet in the first place. Doesn't matter though, I've got the help I needed! Thank you anyway! :)	ah shit you're right sorry school hasn't started for me yet I'm rusty 
I doubt he will ever realize that. After all, we can't really say that Hussie from within the comic is writing the story. If he was, why would he let himself die when he made disk 2?	Hussie died only because LE broke the 'fifth wall,' or rather, LE walked through the already-broken fifth wall. The wall is apparently not a part of the narrative contained on the discs. Hussie said somethere that the wall is a separation between narrators, not between narrator and story. I'll find that quote and edit it in in a moment. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: [Found it](http://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/40585720/Combined_Formspring_Web_Aug-28-2011.htm#mspadventures224664134703150826) newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;A 5th wall is a partition separating two omniscient narrators, which when broken, allows them to mess with each other.
Alot of my friends are doing this too! It's frustrating because they're the people that aren't allowing others to get in!  newlinechar  newlinechar Also, who the hell runs their computer 24/7?? That electricity bill!	There are plenty of rentals where utilities are included, and honestly running your PC 24/7 isn't that huge a deal as long as you don't have every other thing in your house on too.
well it's not something that pops up in every day conversations, chap. newlinechar  newlinechar Cherrio.	This guy...
That's a lot of share :O  What's the company if you don't mind?	[AEGY](http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=AEGY) (Alternative Energy Partners). I'm probably going to lose my $80, but I don't mind.
It's the \#6thman	Monte secretly giving CLG shit straits, and giving TSM superior authentic korean strats. 
you were right dude 	Lol I've been watching ufc for a while. It's the same pattern every time. 
Is that the bassist from School of Rock?	She is, yes.  newlinechar 
What were you doing in said website?	Maybe OP is a larger gay man.
Have to cut it because of work. They're pretty much not having any of it.	Been there. newlinechar  newlinechar And now I have to cover my tats because it 'might' offend someone. newlinechar  newlinechar Shit, I'm covered in mud half the time, how a little bit of ink going to offend someone?
Can anyone find a forum with any pictures she posted. This is strictly for educational purposes.	Found a thread, Kyle posted on that thread too, but it's one of his private videos :/ http://hupitgaming.com/forum/32-youtube/49755-for-fps-kyle-p
yeah it was so horrible :( my middle finger on my other hand was so bad that the tip of the nail chipped right off from sticking out from under the polish now I'll have to cut them all down a bit to even them all out :(.  I'm still kind of new to playing with polish i only stopped biting (mostly thanks to this site) a few months ago and I've heard of people wrapping the nail to help but I'm not totally sure what it means yet?	Ok, when you paint them paint the edge ( the top of the nail) too - it will stop the chipping and help with shrinkage. newlinechar Buy a good top coat too - forget SV it has shrinkage issues. Try 'out the door' it's fab, so glossy and quick dry plus it will never shrink. newlinechar Add a drop of OPI drying drops and voila! newlinechar  newlinechar Good luck - and bloody good job on not biting!
Looking at it, it has 3 peripheral connectors, one ATX12v connector, one floppy connector and only one S-ATA connector, so I guess this means I could only use one hard/solid drive with this power supply, what a piece of shit, guess I'm taking it back tomorrow. It's a G7 Power Extreme, 580W. No wonder it was so cheap. Who knew they had all sorts of different connector shits, all he said to do was go to a shop and buy a power supply over 450W and here I am, damn.	Yeah, take it back. That PSU looks to be pretty obscure, I'd only use it if you desperately need to start a fire this winter.
Some people must have some wretched diets. I'm in and out in 2 mins, and my diet certainly has a lot of room for improvement.	I think it's our metabolism too. I usually shit in 20 secs, then sit their with a book or on my computer for 10min, or I reflect on life when in a public bathroom.
[Troubled?](http://i.imgur.com/N10jIGh.jpg)	You're the 4chan OP aren't you
top 5 returner in both kick returning and punt returning. I think he's better.  newlinechar  newlinechar I don't mind admitting I'm wrong, I'd just like to know why you think yours is better?	Well. Punt returner. I'd like to think Benjamin is a top 5 punt returner, and he only returns kicks in certain situations. He's extremely fast, but he's small, so we don't want him returning EVERY kick risking injury.
Yeah... Too bad there's a giant number on his chest. Could've fooled 'em all.	You could make them similar appearing numbers to enhance the effect?
Flesh Gordon 1 or 2 I have no idea. 	Summary from IMDB: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Emperor Wang (the Perverted) is leader of the planet Porno and sends his mighty 'Sex Ray' towards Earth, turning everyone into sex-mad fiends. Only one man can save the Earth, football player Flesh Gordon. Along with his girlfriend Dale Ardent and Professor Flexi-Jerkoff, they set off towards the source of the Sex Ray, unaware of the perils that face them! newlinechar  newlinechar Flesh Gordon, folks. In your local torrent sites now. Jesus Christ.
I remember when Tavares was drafted, my buddy looks at me and goes 'this guy...watch him. He's gonna be big.'	A real prophet that one
Rawl Todd	row ty
The plane hit the OTHER tower. Why would you run? I'd be staring out the window watching the fire and thanking God that I'm safe and not in that tower.	Because there's a fire close to you
Twot? cunt hear you. Have an ear infucktion.	A spelling infection too, it seems.
That runner coming home (Alberto Castillo) was so slow. He even hesitated when turning the bag to go home. Gotta love catcher's speed.	Its funny you noticed that turn at third too.  His flailing gator arms.  I replayed that turn a few times...laughed my ass off each time.
How many operat0rs have u assisted m8? Between 69 and 420.	Thats classified.
for sure, Kang should have won that fight 	MMA judging is going downhill. That was some Oceans 11 style robbery.
No one makes ads like that anymore. Just cracks me up.	So much *commitment!* And they even start advertising a completely different product near the end (the tru-form slips)! newlinechar  newlinechar I also posted [this video from 1948](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjypG79JKnY) about a year ago. That video is a little more sewing-related–it was put out by Simplicity. newlinechar  newlinechar There are a few more rayon movies on Youtube, but I think I've had enough for one day. :p
Why change a winning team?	You're right... that's the exact mindset Chelsea and City had too... wait. Bayern?  Nope... and they won a lot more last year.
'Easiest finals of our lives!' (The Sequel)	I WOULD CRY OF HAPPINESS, and then Regi would go on gamecribs and talk about how unprofessional it was. 
I'M NOT ALONE! Everyone I've told about not being able to ride a bike has teased me mercilessly. I'm 26. My husband still doesn't know that I'm bike-challenged. 	How far ahead are you looking when you bike? The biggest problem I encounter when trying to teach people how to ride is that they want to constantly look down at the shifters or the front tire. newlinechar  newlinechar Riding a bike is like walking or driving, you have to look forward and let a lot of your sense do the balancing/driving for you. newlinechar  newlinechar That being said make sure the bike is properly fitted, it can be hard to achieve the right fit these days because of the varying style of bikes and I've seen it cause more problems than anything with new riders and an improperly fitted bike can easily cause balancing issues.
You're very welcome.	:)
Wouldn't a sports bra work? Those are generally larger and not quite as 'cutting' for lack of a better term.	Wouldn't a sports bra cover more surface of the tattoo than the normal bra? 
Hey dude. I think you look great here.  newlinechar  newlinechar Just a couple of things... How tall are you? Did you place? What would you do differently for your next show?	I'm 5' 7'' (manlet status engage) but look to push a whopping 5' 7.5' ;) newlinechar  newlinechar I took fourth in this (taken 2nd in two other pro-qualifying shows). The guy who won my class won the overall and his procard. Honestly, the lightweights were the most competitive class, IMO, and if the dude with dreadlocks weren't there the second place guy would have won his class and probably his pro card. Actually, I found out later the winner was already an IFPA pro, as well as a MuscleMania pro too. Makes me feel a little better.  newlinechar  newlinechar If I knew what I know now, I would have stuck with my 24 hour carb load just prior to the show, rather than starting a slower carb load a few days out, as well as not even try sodium loading this time. It seems to screw over tons of people. Oh well, live and learn.   newlinechar  newlinechar I mean really, it looks like I gained 2% bodyfat back overnight! I wish I had pics from a few days prior so you could see, but hindsight is 20/20.  newlinechar  newlinechar Anyway, I wanted to do my own prep this time, as I had hired someone in the past, but after struggling with balancing this, a full time job, getting engaged, etc. I've decided I'm definitely going to use a prep coach next time. Let them do my diet and cardio stuff so I don't have to worry about it.  newlinechar  newlinechar Hope that answers your questions. Hope to see you posting pics soon!  newlinechar  newlinechar 
I don't thinks it's about shared interests as much as it is voting for someone you believe to have your interests in mind.	thats what i meant, but i couldn't say it right.
Both the dog and the cop got ripped, everyone went to Denny's afterwards.	This is clearly the correct answer.
What should he have done? Looks like both his arms were trapped.	Not immediately rolled over to his back. A lot of people use the arm in guillotine with butterfly hooks to roll someone over like that, but Magnus didn't even have the butterfly hooks. I have no idea why Hamman rolled to his back so easily.
Did you stop in Saint John at all? That's where I am. I also see you enjoyed Fundy National Park as well. 	We went through saint john on the way in. Fundy park was a neat place to ride through. The road was big, straight and empty looking.
Fuck that, that'd be the equivalent your browser history being on public display.	Imagine if there was a site where you could search for someone's name and it would show their history...
I'm not very good at that thinking thing. Care to explain?	I mean, it could be just some crappy art just drawn to be weird. newlinechar  newlinechar But; newlinechar  newlinechar - man is finding it hard to support himself in life newlinechar  newlinechar - man has no choice but to steal  (i.e, food) to survive newlinechar  newlinechar - gets caught newlinechar  newlinechar - man is expected to be responsible for his actions newlinechar  newlinechar - man is expected to give up what he can't afford to do (give up the food, or put his hands up) newlinechar  newlinechar - man is sad :( newlinechar  newlinechar the picture is playing on the fact that he can't just give up his 'hands' to do what he is told to do.
I wasn't hopeful for this season until they announced Knight as the starter	I was more excited for Knight than Bell. I'm still not sold on Bell. I got a great feeling about Knight especially late this year and starting next year. 
Do you like Iron Man too? I have you tagged	[Yeah, I have posted insane amounts of Tony Stark/Iron Man gifs today](http://i.imgur.com/Vq7YuYs.gif)
link to that z trip video?	No vid - saw it live 
Damn that road looks rough. No wonder you're coring super durable wheels so easily.	Dat Michigan chipseal....and i was busting 50 footers on em....wasn't that easy took me a few sessions of hard riding
He also won an NFL playoff game. And don't say 'the defense won it'  newlinechar  newlinechar Kyle Boller never won a playoff game. 	the defense won it
Doesn't look like a fat baby to me	I went from 99th percentile weight at birth to less than 10th percent as an adult, all normally healthy along the way. Genetics certainly play their role but fat doesn't magically manifest itself out of thin air. You have to eat *a lot* to get that fat. 
May I suggest the Dawgs?	You may, doesn't mean I will.
Hey hey, i know you!! aren't you banned from 3 Zoo's?	Yes. For reasons that are not important I am banned from 3 zoos. 
I have not but I will consider it. Thanks for the suggestion.	not a problem, although if anything does come of this be sure to post pics.
Death by cats works too.	That would be too pleasant
If the victim isn't worried enough about it to stick around for the cops, why would the worry? newlinechar  newlinechar Makes sense to me.	The accident could have caused amnesia or a concussion, resulting in odd or bizarre behavior.  newlinechar  newlinechar It does sound like the victim was either intoxicated or mentally unwell prior to causing an accident, but for the police to throw their hands up and say 'oh, well' is criminal. 
Oh god I know. Kids are ridiculously expensive. My first nephew is due on the 30th, so I've been spending my make-up money on the most adorable little babygrows and stuff. It's worth it though. 	they can be indeed! Girls are much more expensive. They have suuuuch stinking cute clothes. Though my daughter eats more than a grown man at 4 years old...I'm scared for the teenage years.
I never agreed to this understanding of everyone is equal. Everyone should have equal chances - yep, absolutely newlinechar everyone IS equal - nop, just not true newlinechar  newlinechar I'm not sure if there would be war, but somehow the engineered would certainly push the unengineered aside, like evolution always did. Killing them or treating them anyway else, aside from because they are not as good in some ways would be wrong, but if they would die out at some point because they got replaced by something better, so be it. (That sounds more harsh then I want it to be, but it's my best shot at trying to express myself right now)	&gt;Everyone should have equal chances - yep, absolutely everyone IS equal - nope, just not true newlinechar  newlinechar Why do you believe so? What's your interpretation of 'being equal'?
Is there anywhere I can stream 1.0 ? 	Legally? Probably not, you just might have to torrent it.
How can it be a unanimous decision against Kang when he basically dominated 2 rounds and most of 3rd as well? newlinechar 	He won the first round, lost the second and the third could've gone either way. newlinechar  newlinechar Personally I had him down as the winner, but that was a fight where either fighter could've walked away with the decision with how close it was. newlinechar 
Don't worry, this sub will use xPeke's name for every adjective ever.... newlinechar  newlinechar You know, cause he backdoor'd that nexus newlinechar  newlinechar That one time. newlinechar  newlinechar Months ago....	Go xPeke yourself.
Great album, thank you! **[+250](http://www.reddit.com/r/flatcore/comments/1dmx3m/want_more_claim_blocks_make_an_effort_announcing/)**	'daw, thanks. 
I don't think literacy has anything to do with knowing somebody's ~~real~~ birth name...	he can't read this. newlinechar  newlinechar -lil B
Is that the 4th team he's been with this season?	Pretty sure.
Wait TBD beat Complexity????? WTF? I turned that off when Complexity was knocking on their base with like 2 inhibs down	TBD qualified for the promotion at a different tourney. They didn't win today.
No, it's clearly [Admiral Zaal'Koris vas Qwib-Qwib](http://i.imgur.com/qIByNt8.jpg).	'Do not ask about the name.'
Santiago in Corona? 	Yup. Looks like it to me. 
His entire gimmick revolves on being 'hey i'm a gay black dude' and that's why I can't stand him.	the fiora video (pretty sure how most people know him) I thought was kinda funny and he has his moments.. but when I watched his livestream he went from funny to kind of cringey.. newlinechar  newlinechar also when he said he wanted to suck oddone's brothers dick (and generally all the fanboying/dick sucking talk he does) its a bit too much for me
They not letting water bottles in tonight. 	They gave away these at the door: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/BTCNxtECEAApyWM.jpg
Super easy: filter&gt;blur&gt;average	Ah! Thank you so so much! It's for a project I am working on and I tried googling the answer but just couldn't find it.
Trichinosis isn't even that huge of a concern with pork anymore (at least not in the US). Farmers aren't allowed to feed uncooked meat to hogs anymore, and a lot of pork sold commercially is frozen before being sold. Freezing pork kills the cysts, so if you don't want to overcook it just freeze and thaw the cut beforehand then cook to whatever your preferred temperature is.	Very good point, from what I understand the only cases of trichinosis in the US in recent years were from wild game, but still, I guess it's technically possible some meat could still be unsafe at low temps. I don't know that I'd advocate freezing because it could mar the texture and lose some moisture though.
Could I get a tutorial on how to make those faces? I guess I missed the memo. newlinechar 	Find the proper characters in the character map, then copy and paste them.
Who would you want on production duties for that?	Oh shit, this is a hard one. Since it's already an all-star cast, I would want a grab-bag of amazing producers. Gimme two beats by El-P, a few by Mike Will for mainstream appeal, maybe a few by Clams to keep things druggy, two more electronic beats by FlyLo, one or two by Sounwave to keep things TDE, and finally, one amazing Lex Luger beat. I'm talking the hardest shit he's ever done. Last track on the album.
no one dies because of lucid dreaming. Sometimes your subconscious attempts to inform you of things. It can be spooky, but you're not going to be breaking mirrors if you keep in mind that there is nothing that can harm you, and nothing needs to scare you. When things you can't control happen this is a good indicator that you are moving into a greater level of perception. You are no longer creating whatever you wish to see, and are beginning to see aspects of yourself. Lucid dreaming is not simply a fun way to dream... it goes a lot deeper than that. 	That time I broke a mirror and ended up with fists full of blood. What would happen the next time? That's why I'm not taking the risk.
Card filter, consistency, fight mechanic, draws away the damage. This card goes well well going into midrange. It grows into an immediate threat regardless of heavy creatures. If its not putting creatures in my hand, its getting rid of the creatures on the field. It's good regardless of lacking creatures in my deck, ( in almost any deck), in my opinion. newlinechar 	Domri Rade is not good in this deck.
Xthreshial with the clutch hooks on Ezreal. Regi with the manliest Ahri I've ever seen. Oddone alaays seemed to be in the right place. Man, I feel like everyone stepped up. 	Everyone on TSM played really well tbh.
Go fuck yourself, seriously. Preferably with your miniature Cloud figurine.	Lmao what? I don't even play FF besides this game, fucktard.
God, Immortal Iron Fist was so good. But was it not also written by Brubaker?	I believe the first arc was co-written with Ed Brubaker. Ed already had five picks on my lists though.
:O +1 &lt;3 you	Our secret &lt;3 
mate 1 in move.  nice.	&gt;Noice.
Not sure why but I would like to read more about this. Any links?	http://www.cnn.com/2010/US/04/09/us.russian.adoption.return/index.html newlinechar  newlinechar http://articles.philly.com/2013-04-23/news/38738705_1_russian-children-orphanage-josh newlinechar  newlinechar http://voices.yahoo.com/why-parents-return-adopted-children-5821120.html newlinechar  newlinechar So sad :(
had to read that twice wondering what pots could have done so bad to get them thrown about, love the look	hahahah perhaps I should have been more clear...:P newlinechar  newlinechar I'm glad you like it! Bare toes + tons of sloppy clay isn't my most flattering look...but I knew some of you here might appreciate it n__n &lt;3
[](/derpyhappy)[Crazy heavy](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f5/GAU-8_meets_VW_Type_1.jpg). They belong on[ one of these](http://www.leberak.com/A-10WARTHOG2.jpg).	[](/omnom) Have fun walking around
Whoa... accurate. Where on Wikipedia did you read this?	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model_minority#Invisible_Model_Minority:_Africans newlinechar 
Sometimes, if the art is old enough, they have to give it new art. It's something about the way they used to handle the art process. That's why sometimes you see new art for cards in duels of the planeswalkers, even if those cards aren't getting reprinted.	yes but they have said expansion sets will always have new art 100% of the time
http://www.teefury.com/ newlinechar  newlinechar It was available months ago, around April or so. 	Looks like they discontinued it.  You can vote to bring it back.. but you need to sign up. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.teefury.com/gallery/2005/Super_Saiyan_Man/
Glad someone could affirm my preference to option A.	Well, not exactly. Personally I think they look more alien than human (like [this](http://drakoniawar.deviantart.com/art/Warframe-Mag-Neritica-365088373), but not like [Kryten.](http://images2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20070516034055/reddwarf/images/d/d2/Kryten.jpg))
You asked why we should help, I'm giving you that side of the argument, at least acknowledge there is a reason to help. 	There is zero reason to help. There is no difference between a chem. attack and a mortar strike.  newlinechar  newlinechar It's always people that haven't been to war that are the quickest to ring that bell and send soldiers to fight. I've been there, there is no earthly reason for us to go to Syria. 
Could you go into depth about it?	My friend told me to hold his backpack in 6th grade. He ran. Cops came around corner and saw me with backpack. Shoved me up against wall, search bag, and found pot. I go by my motto:Snitches get stitches but they caught him anyway after they brought me to the PD.
I hear you.  We just need consistency from the players we have - but how do we get that? Better managing?  Better coaching? Player meetings where someone stands up and challenges everyone to be stand up and do what they are capable of? I understand everyone's frustration with Dusty, and I myself don't think he's a particularly good manager, But he's not the guy out there on the field not getting the key base hit, or the key out, or the key defensive play.  Mostly everyone seems to be doing a good job, but somehow it isn't good enough.  How can you feel good about your post season chances when you are the 3rd best team in your own division?	If the only responsibility of the manager is to set the lineup and set up the bullpen, then we should just replace Dusty with a computer.
Yes. Quite effectively.	Hmm, can this kill you? 
OP is obviously french and must smell like elderberries.	I think also his mother was a hamster 
Indeed he has.	We just didn't notice.
Wow.  I keep meaning to read his book. I've heard it's pretty good. 	It is! It's a great story, and quite well written as well. newlinechar 
I think when she was dyed her hair dark she was trying to be Megan.	I know that its just when she dyed it back to blonde and loss all of the weight is the the missing piece.
People say Jesus rose from the dead but by taking the proven and highly scientific hypothesis of 'YOLO,' we can show that Jesus, in fact, did not live twice.  newlinechar  newlinechar [Source](http://imgur.com/lEMobvv) newlinechar  newlinechar Christians: 0 Atheists: Fedorable	Is it okay if I recognize this equation? newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.omicsonline.org/ArchiveJPB/2009/May/03/JPB2.202.php
http://imgur.com/BsCKZON This is my favorite painting ever. I feel like it's the closest representation of a creation of new beings or a new world that is totally new. Super out of the box thinking.	THE CHARIOT
I...really? It's a colloquial term for a blowjob. A fairly common term, I thought.	Hm, never heard of it and couldn't make a connection between hum and penis, blowjob, etc. 
The helicopter physics in IV was a lot better than any current battlefield.	They were terrible. You're just lying to yourself.
That's true. Peter Worthington wrote a good article on the subject. newlinechar  newlinechar Essentially he argues that regardless of whether or not he is a child, it was a war zone, and he was defending his territory, or something to that effect. People aren't punished for standard acts of war after the war has ended. newlinechar  newlinechar [Khadr is not a traitor -- Peter Worthington](http://www.torontosun.com/2012/04/27/khadr-is-not-a-traitor)  newlinechar  newlinechar At most, Khadr should have been held as a POW until the war was over, and then let go.	Ah, but there's one group of people this defence won't work for: Canadian citizens.  (Well also US, British and citizens of other coalition countries). newlinechar  newlinechar So Mr. Kadhr's Afghan allies weren't traitors to Canada. newlinechar  newlinechar But Mr. Kadhr is Canadian and siding with the enemy is treason.  That makes Mr. Kadhr a traitor.
You get free spins by completing challenges and quests as well as logging in each day. However, you can buy additional spins. 	Thank you. Time to do some quests then! 
Thanks for the link! My issue is different here though, because it's some sort of fuzzy growth that's eating away at his body, what I assume is columnaris. I don't know if that actually means it's anything particularly different in regards to doing a peroxide bath or not.	I don't know, either. But if her guy could come back from that, if you can halt the fuzzy stuff, your guy might recover, too. I hope someone with more knowledge and experience can help. Good luck to you both!
Dyrus played like a champion. 	Went from 0/2 to being 7/3 you can not keep him down
http://www.reactiongifs.com/	But I don't see the category for karate chopping ramen noodles box, stuffing them in his face, pouring hot water down his throat, and then snorting hot sauce through a celery stick...
Yes? 	Now three time in a row to make him appear at your location.
Could you explain what you mean please. I'm not sure what your referring to?	ganja gives me good vibes no matter what mood im in.
I'm stupid.  I quit.  	It's ok, it happens to all of us from time to time.
yeah for me all that LCS bullshit is so stupid... i know that riot want to make money but come on its like that season is pointless...	I mean TSM ended up 3rd in standings after all 28 games. So technically they would be in Worlds as well without Playoffs.
I refuse to drive automatic and even that's a little too... *primitive* for me. How in hell do you panic stop?	by crashing
There have been very very few fights in WoW that in their fixed form could kill you without you having a chance no matter what. In that sense any WoW fight could be seen as beatable on the first try, which matches your definition. This is what I already thought, which simply leads to the question I'm asking; when compared to different WoW raid fights, where will the top end difficulty lie? In a spot that top 50 world guilds will blow through? Or fights that top 3000 world guilds will blow through?	How will Carbine know that though?  How do you quantify that?  How do you qualify that?  Even better yet, how does Carbine communicate that? newlinechar  newlinechar You are sort of asking an impossible question to answer.  The only way Carbine could ever really solve it is to invite these top raiders in to try and play their game, but even then Wildstar is such a vastly different game from WoW mechanically that it might not even be something you can test effectively until those guilds got some time to familiarize themselves with the game for an extended period of time. newlinechar  newlinechar Not to mention, considering the way Carbine has talked about their design tools (as a tools designer myself they sound pretty impressive), I doubt difficulty will be hard to adjust after the fact.  If the super hardcore raiders get in and blow through everything too fast, Carbine can adjust their content in the future to ensure those people are happy.  It is one of the benefits of running an MMO where the game is so actively supported at launch (which is the reason why Carbine decided to make it a sub fee game, to ensure that support is top-notch). newlinechar  newlinechar Also, considering the time until release, it is very possible Carbine isn't even actually sure where they lie on the raid content.  I would be surprised if any of the end-game content is anything but first or second pass right now.  Carbine has said they want to make hard content at max level, so I imagine that unless they make a huge mistake, it will be hard in their eyes.  However, challenge is subjective and hard to quantify and qualify, so we don't really know what that means until we get our hands on it.
&gt; Ever boil eggs and notice the air escaping from them? newlinechar  newlinechar No... not even once. newlinechar  newlinechar I will say though that steaming eggs is 100% better method.	What's the benefit of steaming an egg?
Do you have a lawyer? Gonna need one to prove he wasn't involved. newlinechar  newlinechar My worst nightmares range from falling &amp; snapping a bone when no one else is around and my phone isn't around to my stupid broken brain will win and keep me depressed for days at a time (this is a best case scenario when it's acting up) to waking up and finding someone (or a pet) dead  to the thought that I'll never be able to afford to get to Australia and see my fiancee nor her come back here	We are getting a lawyer. I'm hoping that they won't actually need to do much to prove that he wasn't involved. It was a sting, the cops have been watching this guy for a while, my SO and the guy with all the drugs have never even met. It'll be very easy to prove that he wasn't involved other than taking his friend over there
[Hi, I'm in Delaware....](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6M_1fGshM1o)	Damn, I've been quoting it wrong all these years.
[](/twirock) That is a good video. 	I have a tough time imagining the sheer amount of thought and engineering that went into making that video.  And then to write/perform such an awesome song with it?  Crazy.
What happened after?	Answered [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1lh7fi/whats_your_greatest_well_im_fucked_moment/cbzbknq): newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;They grounded me, so I left town for a week during my senior year of high school. I ended up being the kid who rented a space in the basement. They divorced about a year after that night, and my dad has apologized about how life was. Things are much better between us now. 
When was the last time you changed your springs?	I haven't, I bought it in December with three magazines, it was all brand new, probably have only put about a thousand round through it. 
its not desperation so much as it is innovation.	Just to make sure we're clear, I'm referring to anal.
In some countries/dialects bike usually means motorcycle, and I assume that this is OP's intended meaning.	Especially since he did say liter bike, meaning motorcycle with an engine displacement of ~1000CC (1 liter).
Wow, beautiful! newlinechar  newlinechar I'm a pretty new quilter - is this paper piecing??	No....It is regular piecing....a lot of strip piecing of diamonds.  Leaves are appliqued around the border
If he just kept his distance the worst case scenario was that tsm did a good teamfight though would not be able to take baron or any objectives with it. Best case scenario would be him grabbing up 3 kills by kiting/poking them down	This. he has iceborn and was doing crazy damage. stay back, kite and they can't run away. even if the other two live that should have been the call. that is the whole POINT of a blue build ez.
yeah, i'm in 2 choirs and a wind ensemble at a university, still doing the Modesto Symphony Orchestra Chorus, and I'm also in a newly started professional chamber choir called Cantoribus here in Modesto. i'm sure more things will come up too lol.  newlinechar  newlinechar that is not how i would've wanted to spend my morning. poor dogs, though. good on you for doing what you can to help!	when the people in your life you consider family call and ask to be driven to human or animal ER  you don't ask questions. you grab your keys and go.     newlinechar  newlinechar my neighbour is like a grandmother to me and is well past having a driver's license.   simple thing to help a friend in need.     newlinechar  newlinechar and damn dude think you are music-ing enough?  =)  That's awesome how many things you're involved in.    singing and dancing.  things I love to watch others do as I'm horrible at both.   have been told I can't carry a tune in a paper bag.   ouch.    but that doesn't stop me from belting out crap in the car.   my poor dog!   
It was 'tell my wife I had another wife.'	That was from the opening sequence, actually.
I will keep it in mind if I ever find myself knitting in Australia (improbable, but now I know). :)	Hahaha on a holiday you should be fine, just don't become a citizen (not exactly easy to do by accident hahaha)
Post your build?	I'm not home at the moment so I can't see the exact stats. But it's something like 34 strength, 30 dex, 18 int, 18 faith, 43~ end (to be able to fast roll in artorias armor + the greatsword, or midroll with the greatshield if I feel like doing co-op) 40 vit, Havel's ring and RoFaP, maxed pyro glove and power within (to imitate the power up) (sometimes Dark Flame to imitate the goo throwing). It's SL120.
Does it make sense to unlock guild missions with a two-person guild? The first thing you have to buy is the bounty hunt which is 30000 points, I'm not sure it it's worth it.	not with a two person guild. My suggestion would be to join a large guild and do their guild missions (you could still represent your two person guild the rest of the week), a two person guild would struggle with bounties, let alone guild challenges.
Also if anyone has a higher res version of this I would love it. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.daily-player.com/images/articles/crown-of-helmet-rule.jpg newlinechar  newlinechar My personal fav from my search so far.	Killer hit
Besides this one.  newlinechar  newlinechar 'What language do deaf people think in' newlinechar  newlinechar 	How does [person with certain disability] do [activity that is difficult with aforementioned diability]? 
We have two ADC's that would love super disruption so we can dish out our damage? newlinechar  newlinechar Don't need, top lane Nasus pls.	&gt;We have two ADC's that would love super disruption so we can dish out our damage? newlinechar  newlinechar Pretty sure it was more of Vulcun wanted the Nasus for a Zac vs Nasus lane, as it's just a free farm with Nasus getting ridiculously huge.
Work for npc missions deliver / rob or join a gang, once you make money you buy guns/car/house/gangbase	What would happen, if, I killed a gang leader whilst meeting him for the first time? Lets also say I pull a joey cusack and murder his friends. Will the police be on my ass?
And srs says men are privileged...	In their minds he is a shitlord that can't be raped because misandry don't real.
Trying to contest drag against Dyrus on Rumble? Yea that wasn't a good idea.	Nothing was equal about those equalizers.
Uh, you should probably reread what he said...	I'm very confused by what just happened
1958 was the last year with the wheat ear reverse. newlinechar 	Cool. Thanks
Didn't assess the situation properly.	How did I not? When he rages he runs around. He ran right towards me. What could I have done on a close range class?  newlinechar  newlinechar edit: He did this as SOON as he raged. I didn't know he was raged, as soon as it happened I died.
Edit: /\\\*wrong comment\\\*/ newlinechar  newlinechar Eh, who cares, have a shitliner: #DEFINE TRUE FALSE;	Ah, I forgot to define true and false constants. newlinechar  newlinechar     #define TRUE newlinechar     #define FALSE newlinechar  newlinechar All done now.
I was more excited for Knight than Bell. I'm still not sold on Bell. I got a great feeling about Knight especially late this year and starting next year. 	Of the three, Knight impressed me the most at the spring game.  Still, our third guy is a lefty, which would be fun to see him throw off opposing defenses 
Naked.	With penis in hand.
'Moonwalking' 	You try to have better moves when you're 120 and emphysemic. 
I have driven in NYC all my life. People here drive like aggressive assholes. I make a point to leave enough room between me and the car in front. If someone merges into that gap then you slow down and leave enough room between that car now. There's just no valid excuse for following too closely.	Yeah I do that too,  I hate it when they keep cutting in the gap and I get slower and slower and end up going backwards to maintain the gap 
This is really amazing! I know it would have turned your computer into a molten pile of slag, but keeping all the discarded stuff in some kind of configuration, perhaps a junk... yard, seems pretty appropriate!  newlinechar  newlinechar I guess in my head I see scooping all the junk into an area and putting a sign outside as this fluid process, how many minutes per frame do you think you'd have gotten with the trash lying about?	It really did max my comp. Not only did KSP get crashy but my computer froze a couple times as well as gave me a blue screen of death, a first for this machine. Debris was not even an option in my head let alone all that debris. At one point i went an downloaded the latest invidia drivers for my video card (gtx 550 ti) in the hopes it might help..It didnt. I think Mun Town might be how i benchmark future computers :P
he said it is lee sin	Nah, totally bear cavalry sejuani.
ANNND Back down	Looking through my comment history my prediction was Wazzu 38 Auburn 35.
I am really interested to see where they go from here but if they do sell I honestly think the UFC will buy them up...	The UFC complains about having too many guys on their roster and there isn't much talent over there. I doubt the UFC will take them. 
Honestly, Vulcun didn't look like the Vulcun that went 5-0 during super week. At least they have another chance to go to worlds.	against c9! newlinechar  newlinechar ^^right
No deal to buy? Not a good deal at all. Great for Chelsea .... 	Yeah, terrible signing. Offers no depth, no competition for places and certainly won't help us against physical teams with his power. Don't even need to see him play to make my judgement, not like we've bought any young player from Chelsea before and made them top class.
Can confirm I have a Mexican fianceé	my kids mother and my current gf are the only caucasian women i was ever in a long-term relationship with. i've dated dominican, puerto rican, and black women for the most part. and i'm white. i think it's due to growing up in north philly. i was a minority there for sure. the love of my life was a puerto rican girl i've known since i was 8. lost her to an od about 9 yrs ago.....she was the one.
Selfish Regi	Yeah, but remember the TF ultimate into fountain during spring split?
For the rebels, if there is one thing they hate more than the Assad regime, it will be Israeli involvement in their cause.  newlinechar  newlinechar For the Assad regime soldiers, if there is one thing they hate more than the rebels, it will be Israeli involvement in their homeland.  newlinechar  newlinechar If Israel gets involved, we can all but guarantee that the rebels and Assad regime will join hands. 	Unified government. Problem solved.
I'M A FREE SPIRIT DAMMIT	YOU CAN FREE SPIRIT DISDICK!
Sounds awesome! Are the unit avatars included/how do they look?	The Hawk and AWACS uses a new portriat, but IIRC the Spyplane just reuses models. newlinechar  newlinechar And the Hawk for some reason uses a Drone  as a unit (As in an actual drone model)
[These are what slugs look like.  It's just one clump of metal instead of shooting hundreds of individual pellets](http://www.gunandgame.com/forums/attachments/powder-keg/24369d1249360936-shotgun-slug-reloading-sl.jpg)	Crazy! Thanks for the info.
Look at the book *Streets of Fort Collins* at the library. Call number 978.8something. newlinechar  newlinechar It'll tell you everything you need to know and more about these things.	YES!! Call number F784.F6 T73 at CSU, according to the Libraries website. Second floor southeast. And it's 'special,' so you can't check it out, but you can sit there all day and thumb through it! Funnily enough, a few of these Old Town streets are actually named after people on the committee to name and plot the streets! There are tons of other cool books and maps and pictures and records in that area as well, all about Fort Collins! newlinechar  newlinechar edit: Call number 978.868 in every other library around town.
im watching u	God dammit tycho im in the same boat as this guy dont be creepin like that yo
You got that ending because the game punishes you for playing a stealthy game like it was COD.	True, but the game gives you so many options to kill people that it's easy to grow bored of playing it just stealthily. I think that COD comparison for people who choose to play it that way is a bit unfair.
As cliche as it sounds , if yo work doing something it'll never feel like work.  newlinechar  newlinechar Source: Freelance photographer	Yeah i know - i need to figure out what I would love to do and then work out how to do it! :)
Holy crap, I've read the Manga and I did not expect the fight to be that amazing animated, I was cheering Eren on, and when he uppercutted her I got so goddamn excited, and the soundtrack made it so much better. I also physically cringed when [this](http://puu.sh/4fWtx) happened, it was disgusting. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, the Scouting Legions death was so much sadder, with the animation and voices, there's so much more emotion.	[This](http://i.imgur.com/ZLuSP8R.png) was far more cringe-worthy to me.
cal colors, cool.	Michigan &gt;:-(
Ever since the pdd's rumble at allstars, he got back into rumble. Allstars was a real eye opener. Also his 2v1 when he played yorick vs balls rumble opened his eyes on rumble's strength. 	I don't agree with that. Dyrus has consistantly played Rumble very well throughout both splits, he's gotten better yes, but he's always been one of the biggest proponents of Rumble.
Really?	I was curious why he was negative. I see no reason why people were downvoting him so I wanted some reasoning.
There are plenty of rentals where utilities are included, and honestly running your PC 24/7 isn't that huge a deal as long as you don't have every other thing in your house on too.	Ahh, I'm thinking about my own house (4+ people here) so it's very strange to think about myself leaving my laptop/desktop on for long periods of time.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar ^Tho, ^where ^are ^these ^magical ^rental ^places ^they ^sound ^amazing
It saved my life in college when the cold New Hampshire winters ravaged my exposed freshman dorm.	Sounds like someone was in North Hall of NHTI
why not play on the actual systems? don't have the consoles?	I have them and the games but I have my phone on me all the time, not my DS or GBAsp.
Which model is it?	Looks like a P-01
Mancloud made a play that ultimately lost the game, but Zuna's positioning and decision making were bad the whole time. If Zuna had been playing better, Mancloud may not have ever been in the position to make that misplay. That said, we can't blame the entire loss on one person. The whole team shares responsibility.	Yep Zuna stood on that equalizer and almost died just to that
If you like it, why not buy that one? $52 and free shipping is pretty frugal.	Can't find charcoal and medium anywhere.
They recognize me because I'm a continuing customer. But I go to a different gym	Oooo ok lol. I thought you also went to the same gym. That would have been hella awkward
My comment was also a cheesy chemistry joke. I mean, 'reaction'. Don't you guys do those kinda things?	OH SHIT. I missed it. Ugh.
That's a terribly sad and beautiful picture. Thanks for posting.	Its arguably Canada's most famous picture (next to, perhaps, the Last Spike - http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c6/LastSpike_Craigellachie_BC_Canada.jpg ) newlinechar  newlinechar Unfortunately the couple didn't remain married after the war, but he survived and everyone lived happily ever after! newlinechar 
Aw, I think that's actually really sweet...:-). I'm glad you called them!	actually i'm 16 and still live with them lol. But it was really awesome! newlinechar 
Hmm, can this kill you? 	Evidently not always.
Ah, but there's one group of people this defence won't work for: Canadian citizens.  (Well also US, British and citizens of other coalition countries). newlinechar  newlinechar So Mr. Kadhr's Afghan allies weren't traitors to Canada. newlinechar  newlinechar But Mr. Kadhr is Canadian and siding with the enemy is treason.  That makes Mr. Kadhr a traitor.	That argument is in the article by Worthington.  newlinechar  newlinechar If you look at Khadr's history, he was born in Canada, and shipped out at something like 2 years old. He is only Canadian by loose association, really. On top of that, even though treason doesn't have an age limit (that I know of), I can't really see someone logically arguing that a, effectively brainwashed, 15 year old can commit treason.
Bullshit. I guarantee that if these were said by someone you respect you'd be defending them and saying that people who don't appreciate them simply don't understand the deeper meaning or whatever. But by all means, list some quotes that you think are great and insightful. I sincerely doubt you will.	'Quotation, n: The act of repeating erroneously the words of another.' --Ambrose Bierce
I Set my dims the other way, have them up as high as they go.   newlinechar    newlinechar I know I can land any jump, and having them come off is super annoying. Nothing worse then seeing your ski shooting down a mountain, or even worse stuck back up the mountain.   newlinechar    newlinechar Plus in deep powder you really down want to be digging for an hour to find them.   newlinechar    newlinechar For beginners it's good to have them loose, but once you can ski whack them up.	As someone with destroyed MCL from a ski binding failing to release, I highly recommend going somewhere in the middle. You absolutely WANT them to release if they need to. It has been almost a full year now and my knee still gets sore as hell, even after physical therapy. 
Oh sorry I misunderstood :)	It's cool! Was there anything about Harry Potter that stuck with you?
Good god.	Their WRs are the cause of most of the incompletes.
http://i.imgur.com/R6gIovB.gif	Smooth.
I didn't find your cat, but I hope [this](http://i.imgur.com/wE4Q4Qx.jpg) helps.	Thank you! It did make me smile. 
I've only recently heard about McElroy being a source for Mehta, when did this originally happen?	I'm not too sure, i've just been hearing it. The first time I heard it was when Mehta made that tweet about McElroy a couple of days ago. newlinechar  newlinechar Say it isn't so Greg, say it isn't so...
to be fair, clg played so much better.	CLG's first game was better than Vulcan's first game. Vulcan's second game was better than CLG's second game. newlinechar  newlinechar I think that sums it up a bit better. newlinechar  newlinechar Vulcan was almost perfect even with TSM 2nd game, but lost because of one small mistake of fighting at baron before mancloud could get there. Even though mancloud was late he could have cleaned up if Turtle didn't take down targets perfectly like he did. Much closer than CLG's game 2. 
I wonder why people downvote these comments? No sense of humor?  Or just a similar experience? newlinechar  newlinechar No great comment goes undownvoted.	Some of those downvotes are most likely from the fuzzing reddit does automatically to counteract bots.
I'll get hammered, but for my first VPS, I went with budgetvm.com -- the price was cheap, the datacenter was close (i chose the Chicago location), and speeds were reasonable... newlinechar  newlinechar I put a non-crucial domain on there first, and after no downtime for the first 4 weeks, i moved other stuff over..	New one for me,  currently I am playing with Digital Ocean and Ram Node.  Both have been good so far.
I don't see them lasting after the show. And I don't think she'd handle being stuck in the house with him after they break up	Even more fun, then!
Nope, still quite the dick.	Yeah I don't really think dicks ever completely change. newlinechar  newlinechar Source: I'm a dick.
Stopped cutting his hair? Gardening?! Damn hippies.	Hippies and retired people have a lot in common it seems like.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Source: My mother retired recently and she is becoming a hippy.
You might be dissapointed	Then I'll just keep listening to no ceilings with a hard on.
I think garbagemouthjones has a crush on me...	Hi Connie
wtf?!! me too.    Gah.   Now I hafta rush to my petsitting thing to get to the tv.    play well Giants!	me three!! Could have sworn it was 5:40. Glad I decided to turn the tv on a bit early.
they can be indeed! Girls are much more expensive. They have suuuuch stinking cute clothes. Though my daughter eats more than a grown man at 4 years old...I'm scared for the teenage years.	Ahaha yeah the teenage years will be expensive (double the makeup) and er..just not fun in general cause you know 'fuck you mom you are the worst ever ahhhhhhhhhhh'. Enjoy her while she's still cute. Oh and I ate a lot too when I was little...I don't think she'll grow out of it, I didn't!
Do we really need to know if the image is 'pg-13'?	isajoke.mp4
Waterloo, Ontario, Canada	Whelp. Looks like I'm in for a drive then.
Is Cheshire really that good and that close to earl grey? I've been wanting to try it but don't want to be disappointed by the scent. 	I think it's really quite close to the real thing. I haven't tried other soaps like this, but when I looked around for other people's opinions, they said most others aren't this close. Don't judge the smell until you've lathered it! The soap itself is quite soft. I cut the puck in half and mashed one half into the bottom of my mug. The lather itself is really luxurious. They say it's 'thirsty', but that's not a big deal. It lathers quickly and abundantly. At $11, I say go for it. Or get a sampler. When mine arrived, it came with a sample of Seville, but I haven't given it a go yet.  newlinechar  newlinechar I've only tried a handful of soaps because I only got into wetshaving this past summer (TOBS grapefruit, col conk, and QCS Iced Key Lime), and I daresay this is my new favorite. Unlike the QCS, which I also really like, this is good year round. 
Define 'playable.' Because this looks incredible aka too good to be true.  	Ha, fair enough. I average around 30 FPS, which is 'playable' to me :) newlinechar  newlinechar *Oh, I run it at 1680x1050, too (which is the max for my aging monitor)
It still makes me so happy people remember me :') 	How could I ever forget you???? You're freaking amazing! :)
TEEEEEEE SIIIMMMMMMM	TEE-ESS-EMMMMMMM!!!!!
its okay its not just a Clemson thing	I know, it really caught me off guard.
They gave away these at the door: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/BTCNxtECEAApyWM.jpg	For my be... I mean cold refreshing beverage. 
Gear newlinechar  newlinechar 2 MA Lighting grandMA2 Full consoles newlinechar  newlinechar 4 MA Lighting NPUs newlinechar  newlinechar 20 ETC Source Fours (750W, 19°) newlinechar  newlinechar 20 ETC Source Four PARs (750W) newlinechar  newlinechar 536 Color Kinetics iCove Chromacore fixtures newlinechar  newlinechar 52 Robe 600 LEDWash newlinechar  newlinechar 16 Robe Robin Pointe fixtures newlinechar  newlinechar 12 Vari-Lite VL500 ARCs newlinechar  newlinechar 16 Vari-Lite VL3000 Spots newlinechar  newlinechar 12 Vari-Lite VL3500 Wash fixtures newlinechar  newlinechar 12 Vari-Lite VLX Wash fixtures newlinechar  newlinechar 12 Clay Paky Sharpys (Chrome) newlinechar  newlinechar 12 Solaris LED strobes newlinechar  newlinechar 12 Color Kinetics iWhite Chromacore 12s newlinechar  newlinechar 4 Daylight 1’ LED light panels w/battery packs newlinechar  newlinechar 2 Kino Flo 4’X4’ panels (Daylight) newlinechar  newlinechar 4 ARRI Baby 1K Fresnels newlinechar  newlinechar 6 ARRI 650 Fresnels newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar [source](http://www.plsn.com/current-issue/113-event-design/11288-staging-mtvs-2013-season-upfront-at-nycs-beacon-theatre.html)	I didn't watch the show, but i bet the sharpys you are thinking of are the new robe pointe fixtures.
Kind of like the stock system in the subspace emissary.	Exactly. I'd actually completely forgotten about that.
Minecraft?	It's multiplayer is not streamlined enough, it's not free, and it doesn't utilize F2P tactics to prolong play. Also its social features are too basic. newlinechar  newlinechar Imagine a game that combines the widespread appeal of WoW, LoL, and farmville; that's along the lines of what will bring in enormous numbers. It has to be an easily accessible online game that encourages players to not only log on to play for a bit today, but also tomorrow and *next week*. Daily quests in WoW do this turn WoW into a habit that enables interaction with online friends, League of Legends continuously provides purchasable content and changes the free rosters periodically, and Farmville is literally built into a social network site where playing it is as easy as checking facebook. Those sound like horrible things to seasoned gamers, but they're incredibly good at amassing enormous playerbases and tapping into the casual market.
I read scarves as 'scars' and I would have suggested to stop knitting.	I have a lot of those too, but none are knitting related.
i think i got my head around this but take it with a pinch of salt: newlinechar  newlinechar i believe there are 3 arching stories. newlinechar 1. the hunt for father Eiljah  newlinechar 2. ulysses and courier's history  newlinechar 3. Joshua and the tribals newlinechar  newlinechar the Eiljha story arks over dead money and old world blues. newlinechar Ulysses arks over old world blues and proceeds into lonesome road. newlinechar and Joshua is i believe a sort of standalone story in honest hearts. newlinechar  newlinechar i don't want to get too into the story of each of them but if you need it expanding just ask	From the little I know of those characters I think I understand it so thank you 
In the toilet.	How much of it?
Thats cool :) how old is he?	Just turned four. And since he's the only boy in the class, he actually fits in just fine - except the teacher keeps forgetting and referred to the class as 'the girls' during their little recital thing, and then looked at me HORRIFIED that she'd just referred to my son as a girl. It was pretty funny. He knows he's a boy and as much as he likes 'girl stuff' he's totally in to 'boy stuff' too. He's very well-balanced that way. :-)
'All your base are belong to us'- So it was YOU who did that...	'Todos sus bases militar son pertenecen para nosotros' newlinechar  newlinechar i hope this is as broken as I want it to be
Horry and Fisher are questionable...	Derek Fisher is a lot more than questionable. 
train?  I thought you where someone else! newlinechar 	oh god whaaaat is happening right now
IV = 4	whoops, definitely saw that different when i glanced at it
http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sawney_Bean newlinechar Is the Bean Family who you're referring too?	Yeah, but honestly we moved to America in the 18th century after suffering through our partnership with Chattan Clan and Jacobite uprisings, then became Scots-Irish (hated by Scots and Irish alike.)
If you're not planning on using the 3D function often, or at all, I'd wait for the 2DS. It's going to be cheaper, and compatible with the 3DS library. Otherwise, I'd still recommend getting a 3DS. I got mine at full price, launch day, and am glad I've kept a hold of it because the library of games is always expanding and there's plenty of great games already. 	It was actually the announcement of that, that made me want a 3DS again. I wish I would've kept my red one now really.
Nothing in particular honestly. Right now I have $50 / mo going to support a friend working in Thailand. $200 is more of an average, since I tend to give larger one time donations.	Well thanks man.
Cop here.  newlinechar  newlinechar Call the local non-emergency number. Cops blow you off, call the local representative and newspaper and anyone you can get to help. The guy may have a gun and be looking to hurt someone - is the cat really worth your life? And bringing a few dudes and a gun might just make it a blood bath.	Thank you for your suggestion and your service, sir/madam!
It needs to be a 3:1 proportion. A 3:1 proportion applied to 200 would mean you take' 3/4s of 200:1/4 of 200'	haha yeah I got it now I was just a little rusty. Grade 11 math starts in 3 days for me. Grade 12 at the start of second semester ugh, so not looking forward to it
His left arm was paralyzed due to a bike accident: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M2sJjiF9D1w	damn pretty badass
who?	dis 
I personally hate the AT&amp;T Commercial with the kids.	yeah, fuuuuuuck that commercial, too. you know what, i just hate 99% of all commercials shown during sporting events....especially since they're usually stupid beer/car commercials
Fantastic! After a few weeks off through a combination of injuries (beginning with a girl stomping my foot in heels at a ball- it's a tough life) and distraction (honours thesis, yay!) I got back on that horse and kept riding.  newlinechar  newlinechar I had left off at W3D2 so I went back to the start of week 3. That run went pretty well, I was able to run the whole first free form run but still felt a bit blergh. I decided to go back to W2 to really get back my form back and for confidence, as I knew I'd be able to jog more than I did first time around. Two days ago I did W2D2 and ran the WHOLE 10 min free form run- the longest I've ever run in my life!	That's awesome! Take that, girl in heels! 
How does being the appropriate distance away, rather than too close, block your view? The closer you are the worse view you have. The point is that if you maintain a sufficient gap, then even if the car in front of you stops instantaneously then you can safely react and brake without hitting it. If the car in front of you has to slam on the brakes, then you won't need the full amount of stopping distance because you have their breaking distance *plus* the gap you're leaving in which to stop. But if they suddenly swerve out of the way of a crashed, stationary vehicle and you have to brake, then you need to have left a sufficient distance or you're going to hit it.	Sounds like the guy changed lanes and then noticed the traffic in that lane was stopped,  that would fuck with you,
http://i.imgur.com/lgvNdIU.jpg	so fierce 
ew.	Is that a joke ? 
The bit that offends me is paying to test stuff in a nonfunctional hangar module, in a pre-alpha. newlinechar  newlinechar IMO, all this stuff should be just given to us, so we can test things out and find bugs, then we get a wipe and reset before going live.	They have their own QA. I don't understand all these people acting like we're doing them a favor. It's like they shared this early build of part of the game with us and everyone is saying 'you're welcome' instead of 'thank you'.
Yeah, I agree	I assumed the joke would be about the word 'lying' in the title. I was excited for a lil bit of wordplay. I found it funny anyway, though.
Blue Jays enjoy nuts and seeds, too. The ones in my backyard stuff themselves with peanuts. 	They also enjoy losing baseball games
Haha yeah, I would've preferred to have been able to get one more shot off into it to finish it, but with the condition it was in I can at least imagine that my defeat finished it off or left it in a state of total disrepair that the rebellion cannot salvage.	The game is so much more fun when you RP. newlinechar  newlinechar It's also fun to have lots of weapons that you can use to kill *any* ship in 2 volleys.
'A gorgeous corner of Washington.'	Are we really having a Northwest back roads thread? 
Not unlike the economic action plan ads we're all paying for. I don't trust either. It's nice that the cons are finally standing up (or at least appear to be) but where the hell were they when every other party was? They're simply taking credit for everyone else's stance.	Ensuring mobile competition, a part of the Economic Action Plan .
/u/googler ?	Dude, that is a hardcore lurker
Bike.	oooh i read that wrong, I thought he was trying to say he brutally dismemberd a person 
But, the giants could all hit a trap such as a giant bomb or a spring trap, and that would be very devastating to the attacker.	This is true, but any good army will have 'tester troops..' one of: minions, barbarians, goblins. 
A lot of those answers are actually reasonable. newlinechar  newlinechar Are we sure this is Cosmo?	Cosmo doesn't have all bad advice. Reddit likes to harass them for some of the stupid advice they give, but they give pretty good advice, too.
'they also do not deserve to be told they are beautiful and amazing people.' newlinechar Who are you to say that? newlinechar  newlinechar 	I don't think he means that none of them are beautiful and none of them are amazing. I also don't think he means none of them have the right to hear that. What I think he means is that they don't deserve to be told that they are beautiful and amazing solely based off of the fact that they are overweight.
I'm onboard. Land o' Lakes whipped salted butter forever.	We'll get along just fine.
Occasionally, I'll buy silver coins, but nothing worth more than the silver and that's really only to play with the market a bit.	Same. Other than bullion, I don't have hardly any expensive coins except for a few error's that I've found.
Calling 'BS'? Get over yourself. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; I assume your point here is that SS are pricey bikes and meant for shorter trips. First, BS a SS is almost always cheaper than a large cruiser which would be for the long rides that your mad your friends cant go on. Second, maybe they don't like that ride. Don't get me wrong I like riding but I have no interest in riding thru 3 states just to be able to say I did. Third, I bet they kill you at the track which might be they place they want to ride. newlinechar  newlinechar Not once was a cruiser mentioned in my post, you're having your own conversation on that one. And besides me I struggle to find anybody else that actually takes their race replicas to a track.  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; No you have to go to fast to have fun. You already said you spend most your life in stop and go 0-45mph so I'm sure you could get plenty of shifting there. I disliked constantly shifting the 250 it becomes a chore to shift 4gears from light to light. newlinechar  newlinechar If it's a chore for you to shift gears... you're in the wrong sport newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Enjoy the ride, but maybe the reason they dont ride is because you push them to find your ride not theirs. I would get discouraged quick if I went on a ride and people pushed me to ride their style. I hope you are having fun but remember to enough others to ride the ride that fits them. newlinechar  newlinechar It's rarely my friends, it all the people in the bike community I run across over the years who get their SS bikes. You don't have to believe me, just look at the average age of any SS for sale anywhere and how many miles it has. You will see a very low average. newlinechar  newlinechar An SS bike is only as 'superior' in handling as its operator. I rarely see an operator that is even a half decent rider on SS, which makes its race bread heritage a moot point.  newlinechar  newlinechar 	this is turning into an all out slap fight
Why? Just highlight it.	highlight, CTRL+C, notepad, CTRL+V works bettar.
I work at a small family/children friendly cupcake store/higher end coffee shop. Anyways the three girls I work with absolutely love country music. They play it pretty much constantly and the kids love it and they often dance and have fun. Anyways, we have an older regular who comes in pretty much every morning. He brought in his own music asking us to play it while he was there. I was fine with it because I enjoyed the jazz music he brought in but the girls were pretty offended so we rarely play it. Just a strange request, I believe the logic behind it was to mellow out the kids more. Kids love it but the coffee is also very good so we end up attracting people who want high end coffee but hate the kids being aroud	I just nip it all in the bud and leave it on a clean contemporary hits channel at an audible but non-intrusive volume.  newlinechar  newlinechar People gotta learn to deal!
Is that in the area around where Tequatl pops, or over the entire zone?  Either way, that's pretty cool, at least as a preliminary world boss consequence.  Thanks.  :)	They didn't specify, but it looked like it was around Teq.'s area. It was really densely covered though. And they said the heads could easily down you.
So that's what my girlfriend uses	Okay you got me. That was funny.
I wouldn't consider Athene a caster. He was just... there...	and also the reason i couldn't watch the stream at all.
/unjerk newlinechar  newlinechar what's the mental process behind buying a Blackberry 10 device? newlinechar  newlinechar 1. it's a new operating system! there has never been a new operating system that was good or even decent out of the box. newlinechar android was crap, iPhone had literally no features (not even MMS), Windows RT is....shit... newlinechar  newlinechar 2. one of its strong-suites was supposed to be, that it can run android-apps.....that was such a stupid move. Every time somebody tries to combine 2 different operating-systems/ 2 different user-interfaces - that's a huge failure! (Windows 8) newlinechar  newlinechar 3. how did anybody think that Blackberry can compete with Google and Apple, if not even Microsoft can penetrate the market? Google, Apple and Microsoft are huge companies that know a lot about software - how did they think they could start from 0 ?	oh god so much this newlinechar  newlinechar True story, this Nexus Warrior tried to use a Playbook, the supposed 'future' of Blackberry, and failed at doing so. The UI of that thing would make Duarte cry tears of blood. I couldn't even figure out how to get it back to the home screen. (Turns out you have to swipe in from the edge of the bezel to get those options...) newlinechar  newlinechar The z10 was the same way. newlinechar  newlinechar Fuck Blackberry. May Duarte have mercy on their souls and grant them a quick death at the hands of #HOLO.
Stupidest comment thread ever	hue
that is where the name dolphin comes from. the latin words for 'dull' and 'fin'	[The name is originally from Greek δελφίς (delphís), 'dolphin',[1] which was related to the Greek δελφύς (delphus), 'womb'.[2] The animal's name can therefore be interpreted as meaning 'a 'fish' with a womb'](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dolphin#Etymology)
Sheep: 'h-hoow, hooow' newlinechar Cow: 'Baow, oobaow' newlinechar Robot: 'Mee, mee, mee'	In all fairness, robots *are* pretty self-absorbed.
Living the dream	That sweet taste of real strawberry ice cream an the sweet sound of a true artist compliment each other quite well.
That's more of an internet thing though, no?	I don't know. This is the only thing I use the Internet for.
Well.. good luck forwards. I watched some of your video, and you have a pretty nice voice with lots of potential. Not much more to say there for me now. newlinechar I'll add my first and latest video for you to watch and compare if you want :) newlinechar  newlinechar [first! (Portal: Episode 1)](http://youtu.be/w_L_UZzZ8Vc) newlinechar  newlinechar [Latest! (Luigi's Mansion: Episode 10)](http://youtu.be/gvXiRhZOfeE)	The differences in the two intro's are hilarious. It went from the most intense intro ever to the most calm and lucid haha, change in tastes I suppose
Lol I've been watching ufc for a while. It's the same pattern every time. 	Judges hate asian fighters :(
Chavez. I've already seen a few examples of it, and I'm sure it'll get much worse. He's whitewashed of all his human rights abuses, since, afterall, he has been a victim of Western imperialism that just won't let him establish a Sweden in Latin America.	Did you see /r/socialism when he died? It temporarily became /r/mournthegreatleader. 
5257	5250
I don't understand these people. So somehow Monsanto is a bunch of evil geniuses, but at the same time ignorant of basic science? I'm currently operating under the assumption that because people like that poster are idiots they assume everyone else is too.  newlinechar  newlinechar When I was in college I was a lab tech in the entomology department of a Monsanto research laboratory. Everyone from the lowest research associate on up had at least a master's degree in entomology, and there were a few phds in the department. Oddly enough, they knew how resistance develops, and were intimately involved in creating strategies to deal with it.  newlinechar  newlinechar BT resistance is a major issue, but there's nothing unique about the problem it poses.  Managing resistance is something that integrated pest management folks have been dealing with for ages.	I can't figure out how glyphosate would kill a rootworm...
But what if it was just a courtesy smile, and she doesn't like me?? 	What ifs can't prevent pain in life.  We try, but pain happens.  If there is going to be pain, make sure you take risks where you get the biggest payoff.  The chance to get to know someone better, maybe even find love and companionship, is always worth the risk of asking the hard questions. newlinechar  newlinechar The way I see it, you will find out when you try talking to her.  Then you know and it's always good to find out and know for sure, rather than simply avoiding her and never even take the risk. Talking to her is fact finding, to see what her intention is, if she has intentions.   newlinechar  newlinechar If her smile was just habit and not intentionally trying to get your attention, don't take her rejection personally.  She doesn't even know you to reject you, the person.  She has her reasons and is allowed to like and feel attracted to whomever she wants.   newlinechar  newlinechar Rejection feels so personal, but it really can't be, since she doesn't even know you.  That's why it's always better to take the risk in the beginning.  You win some and you lose some.  You are playing the odds, knowing you will eventually find someone who was worth all the previous risk.  
We don't speak of those years.	What years?
I understand. I have raised two kids, and a measured, controlled non-vindictive approach to spanking worked for me and my wife. We spanked our kids when they were too young to reason with--not when we were angry; not enough to really cause pain, just a couple reasonably light smacks on a clothed bottom worked wonders. I respect that other parents do not choose this as an option; I do. But when the child isn't old enough to comprehend reasoning and is oppositional, it is a perfectly workable option, because it's not the pain that convinces them to do what you want--it is the shock of, 'I just got hit!?!' That puts them off of whatever oppositional stance they had taken and they comply. BUT I never spanked with anything other then a hand, never on an unclothed bottom, and never never never out of anger. Some parents spank to relieve the anger they feel--that's not a good reason to spank a child. Just my two cents--I hope your situation improves, and the best of luck to you and your family.	I like that this is a 'non-traditional- approach to spanking. I'm glad you found something that works for your family. Thank you for your advice :)
What is your personal guess? If you say the same thing as always I will murder your family.	Soon.
Are all straights shave ready? Any one favorite? Gosh, such a difficult question, you probably love and care for them all... ;)	I reckon RV is like me. They are all special in their own ways and as such I have many many favorites for many many reasons. Its strange, I have 5 different types of soda in my fridge and one of them is my favorite, I reach for it every time, I cant manage to categorize my razors like that.
I saved it as an *attacker*.  	oh...how did I not realize that
No, I don't have control AND I have no interest in wielding what minor spin I might have on the outcome. Even if I did take it upon myself to boss everyone else around, the outcome would still be determined on how willing and able they would be to be bossed. Keep in mind that with overflow servers and the such the majoirty of players on that server either won't even be participating in the event or won't be interested in doing so like a cog in a machine. 	Right, it is well known at this point you have no interest in it. That is fine as others will. You can either join up still, and try and take on the tasks needed to make the encounter succeed, or just ignore it. Overtime as servers begin to succeed at the event because people try to coordinate, other players  will learn what needs to be done, and learn to recognize when something isn't being done based on the bosses status. As players learn the encounter, even overflow servers will be capable of doing it, as they will be composed of players who have learned it from their primary server through chance alone.  newlinechar  newlinechar It's like anything in game that is challenging at fist. You learn it, and you pick up on what needs to be done. There will be ebbs and flows as experienced players tire of the event and drop out, but new players will take up the task of learning it. And best of all, for you, there are still places in the world to get rewarded by mindlessly pressing the 1 key.
If its anything like Tech/Bama, you wont hear of him til half time	i'll just have to pause it
Forget everything you think you know. After a couple weeks on the island you'll go completely into survival mode and your smarts won't be much use. Good luck!	Thanks! I'm gonna just keep my head low and my head straight, hopin I'll adapt quicker than some other gals...
No. newlinechar  newlinechar That you can rule out, but i did resist when they threw me out of the zoo. (each time)	So how did you approach the rape? 
[*crosses fingers*] Please let Al Gore be aboard.  Please let Al Gore be aboard.	Here's Al Gore’s yacht: newlinechar  newlinechar http://sayanythingblog.com/entry/al_gores_yacht_not_exactly_environmentally_friendly/
He won the first round, lost the second and the third could've gone either way. newlinechar  newlinechar Personally I had him down as the winner, but that was a fight where either fighter could've walked away with the decision with how close it was. newlinechar 	Wait, how could the 3rd go either way?  Does one late upkick make a big enough difference to you to override 4:30 minutes of top control and GnP?
I was positive that I had read that the pH of skin was naturally between 4.5 and 5.5. I went to look it up and [this study](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18489300) says the average natural pH for skin is 4.7, so unpasturized ACV is fairly close.	Cool to know.  The danger is probably more so for mucus membranes and tooth enamel, or maybe just sensitive skin. I know when I used it on my wart it also left the healthy skin around it looking a bit raw.  Of course, that was with it soaked in it overnight. I'm just saying be careful with the amount of use, especially in OP's case where she's saying it causes pain.
Dat twitter handle. 	Went bulk, not going back? Agreed, buying in bulk saves about $100 dollars a week.
Two clicks instead of one?	It's awkward and unnecessary... 
A travel show about food, not about language.	I think the idea is that if he has often traveled to Cuba among other locations he would have a good grasp of what their diction is like. 
That's exactly what I was thinking. Integral series against a team we need to beat. Looks like we're going to lose the series, tomorrow will decide whether or not it's a sweep. Tomorrow's game is the first of a new month, and the series that comes after is against the Reds. newlinechar  newlinechar This is almost identical to the July 31st/August 1st scenario.	We've played well against the Reds this year. Then we have the Pirates at home where we've had better luck against them.  Could easily start September off well
What's the benefit of steaming an egg?	**Very** predictable timing, and no bumping around with other eggs to potentially get broken and rattle the yolk into some weird location. Also it seems to make it easier to release the shell after you ice bath. newlinechar  newlinechar 
Jacked Aesop Rock's name, still don't understand why it happened. Decent music tho	Common mistake to make actually. He went by Rocky and his group is A$AP. No name stealing involved.
I guess it's more like Chea!, but when you listen out for it it feels like he does it on every track, after every line. It's fantastic.	thats what i missed most on Something Else :/
Didn't he also say that they would both probably be out by the end of that year (2012).  releasing this in October means that they have had an extra year to prepare these two. Therefore, I think they're releasing both at the same time.	I remember him saying that Mandarin would be out by the end of the year, and Japanese would be released around the spring after, but I could be wrong of course. I hope you're right anyway, because I really want them to get around to adding Japanese, haha.
nope. M5 wasnt a team at S1 i think, and CLG.eu either, wickd was on SK gaming, not sure about the other players.	M5 was Team Empire. And before that I think they were myRevenge. Not entirely certain on that last one. My memory might me off.
I assume this is a reference of some kind...	You assume correctly. 
I have a tough time imagining the sheer amount of thought and engineering that went into making that video.  And then to write/perform such an awesome song with it?  Crazy.	[](/omnom) It must have been expensive as fuck
[](/vsmog)Great, I can't fucking wait.	[](/excitedpie) its gonna be fucking awesome
I'm tired of people in this thread pretending like they're above this. You know just as well as anyone that having 9 partners in the same night is irresponsible. Seriously, let's talk about why.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar STD's: More than half of people will at some point have an STD [1].  Of which, they will have typically contracted by age 25 [2]. Each year, 1 in 4 teens will contract an sti/std. Furthermore, it's estimated that 1 in 5 Americans have genital herpes [3], [4]. That's for life. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 9 partners in one night? You don't have to be a gambling-man to see she's fighting the odds, as well as every guy who dipped their stick. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Also, I've learned from experience that at some point most people want to settle down, and you'll have to answer for actions like these. You're asking a lot of a person for them to pretend like this is ok behavior. They're going to question whether or not one partner is satisfying, if they should be checked, and deeply question the relationship. It will most likely be hard to hold down a serious relationship if you participate in acts like this. Not to mention, if you're in high school, social interactions will be strained and you will be judged. People won't take you seriously.  newlinechar  newlinechar Mistakes are made, you learn from them, but pretending that things like this are perfectly ok, is dangerous, and naive. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar [1] Koutsky L. (1997). Epidemiology of genital human papillomavirus infection. American Journal of Medicine, 102(5A), 3-8. newlinechar  newlinechar [2] Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Genital HPV Infection. Online Fact Sheet. http://www.cdc.gov/std/HPV/STDFact-HPV.htm. newlinechar  newlinechar [3] Alan Guttmacher Institute. (1994). Sex and America's Teenagers. New York: Alan Guttmacher Institute. newlinechar  newlinechar [4] Fleming DT et al. (1997). Herpes simplex virus type 2 in the United States, 1976–1994. New England Journal of Medicine, 337, 1105–1111.	You should reframe your statement as saying that being promiscuous has it's consequences, do not say that a person who partakes in this behavior have some kind of mental problem, because that is what I thought you were referring to. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: newlinechar  newlinechar  &gt;Anyone who has sex with 9 people in the same night has a problem. newlinechar  newlinechar This would be better. newlinechar  newlinechar Anyone who has sex with 9 people in the same night should keep in mind the consequences of such actions.
Liverpool is a team you either love or hate right now.  	I'm indifferent.
The victory over the Butter Brigade.	ah, thank you
Nobody assked you.	Nice reButtal. 
Chico camus unanimous? That's horse shit	Definition of hometown decision. Bullshit decision.
I'm thinking this would be possible by injecting assembly into the game. I watched IE6's videos on GameCube shenanigans (good watch!) and there's something that gets called when you die (which decreases your stock count).  Should be only one changed/added to change character ID, but I'm not sure if needing to load new textures or anything would make it not work. I'll take a peek at it later tonight or tomorrow if I have time! 	I asked the good folks developing Project M about it back before 2.6 was released, and I was told that 'the technology just isn't there right now.' Considering all the stuff they've done with assembly, I'm inclined to trust them, but that doesn't mean it's impossible. If you can crack it, your name will be sung throughout the ages.
what? we haven't even played yet. I asked if you wanted to host or should I, haven't joined anything yet	I mean, I'm down for a 1v1v1 free for all if you want, or a 1v1, either is fine, I'd just like to play
Oooo ok lol. I thought you also went to the same gym. That would have been hella awkward	You kidding? 'Samantha! Last night you were awesome! What's your secret!?' 'I've really embraced thrusters.'
Its funny you noticed that turn at third too.  His flailing gator arms.  I replayed that turn a few times...laughed my ass off each time.	[Looked at it again. It's almost as if he's surprised he's being waved home. Too funny.](http://i.imgur.com/v2rrtKq.png)
if only there were laws against murder, or better yet, laws against breaking laws ;)	Well, people are going to try hopping the castle walls anyway, so why bother building them.
Proof that there is, in fact, an asshole in every crowd.	At least there's not a crowd in every asshole
Well damn.  Anything from the North London Derby tomorrow?	They all lose 
Is your dog Phydeaux?	Ah that's more clever than... Well, me for starters. 
Is that why the score box crapped out for a minute?	Sure lets roll with that :)
when the people in your life you consider family call and ask to be driven to human or animal ER  you don't ask questions. you grab your keys and go.     newlinechar  newlinechar my neighbour is like a grandmother to me and is well past having a driver's license.   simple thing to help a friend in need.     newlinechar  newlinechar and damn dude think you are music-ing enough?  =)  That's awesome how many things you're involved in.    singing and dancing.  things I love to watch others do as I'm horrible at both.   have been told I can't carry a tune in a paper bag.   ouch.    but that doesn't stop me from belting out crap in the car.   my poor dog!   	LMFAO poor dog. it's always good to sing, even if you aren't 'talented.' it's good for the soul. i try to keep myself as musically busy as i can. newlinechar  newlinechar that is definitely a great attitude to have, in terms of helping ppl. i'd have the same attitude, but my car got stolen thursday night
Rooney is out of this game isn't he?	I've just seen this, bad gash on his head with 10 stitches putting him out of this game and the england game... Hoping it's a rumour
I dunno... Does one fist their cock or cock their fist?	Please do not fist your cock. It really shouldn't be made to fit in there.
Tumblr is leaking	I don't have a tumblr. 
Lightroom is well worth what it costs, and has a gazillion online tutorials available.  	Cool, thanks. I was just reading up on it after posting this question. Looks like exactly what I want.
Asking the cop for pics of his underage looking coworker.. Sounds like a brilliant plan that totally won't backfire in any way.	&gt;underage **looking** coworker newlinechar  newlinechar Keyword.
I missed it. Link please.	http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=CY5ANSIFt_o&amp;desktop_uri=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DCY5ANSIFt_o
I'm not too sure, i've just been hearing it. The first time I heard it was when Mehta made that tweet about McElroy a couple of days ago. newlinechar  newlinechar Say it isn't so Greg, say it isn't so...	Well if its true, then what a shame. 
I just skimmed over his blog and found no mention of it. Nothing on Google either if you search Christine Ha. Any link you can give us? Thanks.	Here: newlinechar  newlinechar http://mc3michael.com/2013/08/29/masterchef-4-recap-mini-judges-and-noodle-soup-s4e21/comment-page-1/#comment-581 newlinechar  newlinechar 
COME TAKE MY FUCKING LAND I DARE YOU FUCKIN COMMIES	u wot m8
Cosmo doesn't have all bad advice. Reddit likes to harass them for some of the stupid advice they give, but they give pretty good advice, too.	/r/ShitCosmoSays is still hilarious though.
Israel doesn't need the agreement of other nations to implement policy on land it controls. Neither does any other country for that matter. Law is not a matter of international consensus, it's a matter of sovereignty and enforcement. Israeli police patrol the Golan heights and Israeli law applies so whether you like it or not it's basically part of Israel.	It does if it was to be legal. If it wants to act like a criminal then sure, it can steal what it wants.
Wow. That girl is stupid as fuck. She might as well wave a red flag everywhere she goes.	No.. she just has shitty parents  newlinechar  newlinechar plus without protein growing up it wouldn't be too much of a stretch to say that she doesn't have a very high IQ 
BUT LYNN IS AWFULLLLLLL newlinechar  newlinechar Miller is amazing	Petition to send Lance Lynn to prison for 10 counts of sucking ass newlinechar  newlinechar Petition to rename this subreddit /r/ShelbyMillerIsSexy
Yup.  Sometimes they are served with a lemon wedge too.	Thank you for this valuable information. newlinechar  newlinechar [Come Patsy, to the tavern!](http://imgur.com/RDQAm0E)
In the real world (and until they develop Career mode), yes. newlinechar  newlinechar In a sandbox game where there is infinite money, not really.	The '*simpler to build, easier to fly, and tends to offer higher performance than a large craft*' aspects **do** apply in Sandbox mode.
how does this concept work? can someone explain this more?	The water falls towards the outside due to the velocity it has on release with respect to the velocity of the circular motion. The cup supplies centripetal force to the water. It stops moving.
Anyone have a link?	ESPN 3 and Gamecast unfortunately.  What cable company do you have? newlinechar 
Your pelvis is small	http://i.imgur.com/86mPG.gif
http://wondermark.com/666/	Egad, it's obvious in retrospect!
ya maybe newlinechar 	definitely is now that i look again
BECAUSE ALL CAPITALS AND AN OVERUSED JOKE ARE SO MUCH BETTER!	&gt;Overused joke newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;3 comments earlier you say 'this year's our year' newlinechar  newlinechar 
Eastern? Pacific?	Eastern.
So, you're basically Dustin Hoffman from The Graduate.	Yeah but better looking.
Pretty sure.	I guess its 5 if you count the D-backs. newlinechar  newlinechar D-backs newlinechar  newlinechar pirates newlinechar  newlinechar Indians newlinechar  newlinechar Phillies newlinechar  newlinechar Red Sox
is this actually a thing newlinechar wtf	No. Sometimes the planets align and reddit pulls off some weird shit.
1) OSX 10.6 is Snow Leopard, OSX 10.8 is Mountain Lion. You have to pay for that upgrade. Assuming it will even run on your hardware. 	Mac: it just works!
Well I wasn't acting immature	Insulting middle schoolers is immature.
No, I get that. I'm just saying, in some parts of the world, no such distinction is made. I don't want no trouble with the IRA. Just pointing out the facts.	Which is a part f the reason we hate being called British, apart from the fact that we're not, people don't bother making a destinction between us and GB, which to us isn't fair as we are our own country, we have our own government and we are totally independent from them, yet we're labeled British because there once was a time when they took over, but that time has passed and the only thing that we even relate to now is sports, and even that's only to an extent newlinechar  newlinechar Sorry if I'm ranting its just annoying that this happens so much, I can't imagine what would happen if Europeans said Canada was just another part of america, I'd imagine they'd be as annoyed as we are newlinechar 
YES!! Call number F784.F6 T73 at CSU, according to the Libraries website. Second floor southeast. And it's 'special,' so you can't check it out, but you can sit there all day and thumb through it! Funnily enough, a few of these Old Town streets are actually named after people on the committee to name and plot the streets! There are tons of other cool books and maps and pictures and records in that area as well, all about Fort Collins! newlinechar  newlinechar edit: Call number 978.868 in every other library around town.	Word.  newlinechar  newlinechar Public library has a lot of good materials, too. newlinechar  newlinechar Of course the archive in the Discovery Center has a ton of good shit, too. newlinechar 
why?	I am assuming because goku's logo/symbol is never on the middle of his clothes so its not accurate.
My friend in high school did something similar, only he got pinned by the train and died :/ newlinechar  newlinechar I don't know why trying to beat trains seemed like a good idea in early HS.  I even went around the gates in my car once to beat it, I have no idea what I was thinking.	Dude, im sorry. I know how it feels to lose one of your friends...
5250	5243
Use alt+tab to switch to something else	Ha, duh. I knew it was something simple. Thanks.
brrrang dang dang	I listen to a ton of lil b and I feel like I seldom hear him say brrangdangdang, yet I also feel like whenever another rapper shouts him out (chance in brain cells, rocky in brand new guy) they also say something about that phrase.
http://i.imgur.com/uxt3CTe.jpg	I really expected that to move
That may be true, but regardless, it was all I could afford and I was under the impression that scurvy took years to set in. When I was finally able to go to the doctor she told me that I was to the point where if my diet continued, my life could be in danger due to lack of nutrition. So it's not that I just loved ramen to the point where I ate it for 3 meals a day, it's all I could afford. 	I'm pretty sure if you could afford all that ramen you could afford a massive bag of rice and some beans.
The store I bought it from just ran out of stock. :c Sorry. newlinechar  newlinechar [But here, for when it's back.](http://www.trueswords.com/anime-fantasy-sword-scabbard-carbon-steel-blade-p-7110.html)	**cries**             Thanks for the link though!  Ill keep my eye on it! :) newlinechar  newlinechar * UPDATE - So i put in an order anyway and would just wait till they got back in stock.  Got an email this morning saying they still had a few left, so they will ship mine out on Tues! :D
On most elevators if you press the button twice in quick succession it will cancel the request	I did not know this...
Nice QC shirt.	It's one of my favorite comics! 
OP, Where'd you get that sick desk?	custom made with ikea parts: http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/S49932670/ (main table) then... newlinechar http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/80251358/ (upper shelf area) + http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/60105301/ (2 hind legs) newlinechar + http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/70217973/ (2 front legs cut down to 6 inches) newlinechar  newlinechar 
I don't understand how accepting being fat helps fix it. Support in losing weight helps, acceptance - dont think so	Because acceptance that the person is a person first is invaluable. Often, support is actually shaming and nagging about the weight, which inspires negativity and further weight gain. newlinechar  newlinechar Fat acceptance is about dropping the judgment and assumptions and just accepting fat people as people. We can all see we are fat and can choose to improve our health or not in whatever way we see fit. Unless a person asks you for help with his or her perceived problem (be it financial woes or weight troubles or junk food consumption or whatever), you generally shouldn't bring it up. Doing so says you don't accept or love the person as is. (Of course there are exceptions, like if a friend is in imminent danger due to the use of heavy drugs or staying in a physically abusive relationship, but even that should only be addressed non-judgmentally.)
No I didn't. But there's only one strip club worth going too. 	Yea true, the other ones are full of gutter rats, plus they don't squat.
And I immediately get proven wrong newlinechar 	It's a good thing.
ahhhh...you say, you hear....voices....mmmm, ok.   (LOL)	Usually they just tell me what to wear for protection from the FBI... but yeah :-)
You realize that your new flair obligates you to always be grammatically correct in every post and comment from now until forever, right?	I know, right???? Any idea how freaking paranoid that makes me?? I totally get all the grammar rules, but when I'm typing quickly, I'm so apt to substitute a there for their or it's for its. lol
EC7	EC8
I was told when I single crochet to skip the first stitch when I turn, so that was wrong? What I do is chain however many  then I turn and skip the first stitch, then continue my row. Does that make sense? I'm not very good about terminology yet. 	I never said that. I said you have to put your final stitch in the turning chain or your row will be a stitch short. But typically the turning chain does not count in single crochet (don't skip a stitch) but does for the rest of the stitches. Make sure you count your stitches, that'll keep you from shortening your rows.
I was thinking Gandalf myself. 	I was thinking [Walter White](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YVis0HwZdM#t=1m42s)
With you all the way.  Though I'm not sure I get the Waffuls thing, but whatever.  I like the fact that in general we tend to be mature about this shit, and I hope we can keep it that way.	Thought that would be some pretty obvious sarcasm. That's why I chose one of the most known and popular posters on the sub.
You're not getting it. Talking about Assassin's Creed assassins, you know. The ones that brawl like Altair, Ezio, and Connor. Even with all the changes, it's one of the things that make AC games what they are. Take it away and it quickly becomes Splinter Cell, Saboteur, Velvet Assassin, Wanted, MGS, etc. Hitman isn't really at all relevant because it's more about HOW you make the kill, doesn't really matter in AC.	I guess I just have a lot of faith in the game developers that if the move forward to modern times they will be able to keep the AC feel involved in the game. 
The water is for diluting the concentration of chemicals in your pee.  Sometimes they'll call you out on that, though, because it's obvious that you're mostly just pissing water.  I've heard you're supposed to use some kind of juice to avoid that happening?  I'm not sure, never looked into it much as it's never been relevant for me.	Cranberry
Looks like there's a Horde symbol two blocks to the left of that, so he could be in the clear. newlinechar  newlinechar My only concern is that it doesn't have the black-and-red patterning.	That's the [OBLIVION](https://www.google.com/search?q=oblivion%20logo&amp;um=1&amp;ie=UTF-8&amp;hl=en&amp;tbm=isch&amp;source=og&amp;sa=N&amp;tab=wi&amp;ei=B40iUry2IqjeigLwzYCwAw&amp;biw=1440&amp;bih=778&amp;sei=CY0iUo3NL46GiQK84oDwCg) logo.
Firstly, I love the art. newlinechar  newlinechar Secondly, and more importantly, I think the card is iiiinteresting. I think it's a bit overpowered in a bunch of cases, but it is very situation dependent. The major issue is that it's mostly going to be used on your opponent's turn. SO, it restarts that player's turn. That's okay, maybe. It also exiles all spells on the stack, and counters uncounterables, which would be a little bit annoying.  newlinechar  newlinechar It also opens up a lot of ability for interesting plays. Let's say your opponent sphinxes up to 15 cards in hand and you upkeep this. That's a 3 mana discard 8. Situationally dependent, but strong. It breaks off post-combat kill spells. It shuts off a lot of your opponent's ability make plays, and thereby is kiind of an unfun card. newlinechar  newlinechar That said, at worst, it's a counterspell that let's them untap, costed the same as cancel, with a good amount of ability for interesting play. newlinechar  newlinechar Probably broken.	In general, I don't feel that it's overpowered. I agree that there are a few niche uses that can be very good, as well as the ability to counter uncounterables or stop storm. However, restarting the turn means, like you said, they untap and more importantly, draw a card to replace what was 'countered.'  newlinechar  newlinechar The sphinx to 15 scenario I find unlikely to happen, only because they are almost certain after drawing so many cards to have a counterspell in hand to prevent their turn from ending. newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks for the feedback!
If they were actually bees and not wasps he should have called the closest bee farm and had them take them. They will often come take them for free. It's a win win situation.  	Oh, no: They were yellow jackets. I’ve heard of that before, and if he had had bees I suspect he would have tried to find someone to come get them. Bees are helpful, and unlike yellow jackets, I’ve never known them to be aggressive. (Even the Redditor who had [a beehive in his attic](&lt;/r/WTF/comments/1dp62l/i_have_been_noticing_bees_in_my_apartment_for_a/&gt;) that [collapsed into his bathroom](&lt;/r/WTF/comments/1ef11a/i_have_been_noticing_bees_in_my_apartment_for_a/&gt;) didn’t have a problem.)
Instead of gaining weight, what about working out your arms and torso, especially the chest and back. You'll look firmer and less frail and you can improve your posture. Well for clothes, I think you should look for shirts that cover your chest and are loose, to look more balanced.  newlinechar  newlinechar Also I just realized that a fresh new hair color would be a nice improvement. :) newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar At this point, I'd say you're a 3/10 but you can definitely improve.	What color would you recommend for hair. And yes, my boyfriend has recommended muscle gain, since he's been working on that himself lately. (=
Except Moses isn't all that great. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: It's the truth. Everyone here always thinks a player is sunshine and rainbows when they move teams. He's incredibly raw as a player, and Liverpool only have him for one season where he's not going to become a superstar overnight. 	People said that about Sturridge.
Ah. I don't know much about them this year. I just know WKY was decent last year, and now have Petrino. So I'm wary of them.	True, but they lost their 2012 QB and leading receiver from last year. They have a pretty good back in Antonio Andrews but a young defensive line that our offensive line should dominate.  newlinechar  newlinechar I don't wanna discount Western Kentucky in any way, and Petrino is a proven asset, but I think this is more Kentucky being Kentucy than it is anything else. Also keep in mind this is Mark Stoops' first year as a head coach ever so that's another unknown in that game.
He's back up and jogging well now.	Thank you. I'm watching on a stream with no sound.
if it's TSM vs DIG in the finals and DIG wins....... wat.	Literally be the most unexpected outcome I think. 
There's another one the Saturday after ;-) 	I noticed.  And again, I appreciate the invitation. :) newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 
Every year for the last 2 or 3 seasons Bob Stoops says Millard is the best guy on our team and you're gonna see us give him the ball more.  Hasn't happened yet :(	I feel like he's keeping him quiet until next week against WVU and keeping a few things a secret for the ut game as well. 
I'm searching for something spiritual, I guess.  I want to test the worth of experiences instead of possessions.	I know a few traveler kids. They all tell me how much fun they have going on adventures and meeting people. I wish you luck! I hope you have a great time and find what you're looking for :) Smoke a lot of weed if that's your thing :D
Will she let you eat her out?	She probably will, but I have no clue what I would be doing 
i saw the inside of a person body cavity i dont know what to say	exactly
Looks good, and is effective, but remember that it is not legal for tournament play with any kind of sticker on it. Don't know if you plan to play in tourneys, but just thought you should know.	Not quite ready for tourneys...but thanks for the heads up.
Omelettes, quiches and the like all freeze quite well.  newlinechar  newlinechar I'd suggest thawing rather than tossing them straight into the microwave frozen as if bits overcook while you're trying to get the whole thing up to temperature, it'll get rather rubbery. newlinechar  newlinechar Ham, sausage and cheese are good fillings. Bacon will remain tasty but lose its crunch. Potato will get mealy so avoid. Greens and onions are good for vegetables. Tomatoes won't do as well. 	Thank you very much! newlinechar When you say greens are you talking about leafy greens like spinach and such? (sorry I'm from a non-English speaking country so I just want to make sure I'm understanding you) newlinechar  newlinechar Are bell peppers and broccoli ok for this? newlinechar  newlinechar Also, should I use milk in the mixture or will it get soggy or strange after thawing if I do that? newlinechar  newlinechar One more thing, how should I freeze them? just put them in a freezer box straight from the oven or let them cool some/completely first? newlinechar  newlinechar Again, thank you so much for your reply :)
Imagine if there was a site where you could search for someone's name and it would show their history...	In today's news, Internet traffic spiked then hit an all time record breaking low.
Well considering ive known two people killed by duck drivers, I'd say it's something that needs to be said. 	Were they the green kind or red kind? newlinechar  newlinechar I bet they were red. Asshole ducks.
definitely, provided you have 2 controllers while one is charging with the second one in use.	I play on avg 2 hrs at a time, if that, so non-issue for me and most casuals
I certainly hope so! I'll be Orlando that precise weekend covering a music and arts festival. As soon as I know the schedule for both the meetup and the festival I'll know when and where I'll be able to squeeze some meetup time in. Hopefully the itinerary for both will be released at least a few weeks in advance.	Excellent! I want to meet as many people as possible!! :)
I guess its 5 if you count the D-backs. newlinechar  newlinechar D-backs newlinechar  newlinechar pirates newlinechar  newlinechar Indians newlinechar  newlinechar Phillies newlinechar  newlinechar Red Sox	I didn't know he was in Arizona this season. Weird.
We're gonna let it slide this time, with the stipulation that you immediately and permanently change your flair to poke-flair, thx	Fine...
It's cool! Was there anything about Harry Potter that stuck with you?	I don't know about anything that stuck with me but I think part if why I loved it was that the main female was insanely intelligent then sort of becomes badass over the years as she starts breaking rules and so on. I related to her so closely it's ridiculous!
Is it okay if I recognize this equation? newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.omicsonline.org/ArchiveJPB/2009/May/03/JPB2.202.php	I literally googled 'fancy math'
Nothing that bad, don't think I'm a crazy murderer, or rapist, or terrorist. I was charged with being part of an organized group that did stuff like bank fraud, fake documents, money laundering, contraband, and similar. newlinechar 	Interesting, so where they following you around w/o arresting all that time to draw out your comrades?  newlinechar  newlinechar What kind of fake documents? 
I think this might the right venue to put forward a potentially brilliant idea I just had. newlinechar  newlinechar Poutinesteak. newlinechar  newlinechar Discuss.	It's pretty damn common in Québec newlinechar  newlinechar [Try not to salivate](http://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/ql0ji3vxzoRgE2IPu96fyw/l.jpg)
&gt;White knighting newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;White newlinechar  newlinechar Talk about a double entente.	I think is 'entendre'... but entente can be a war related term, although it's mostly associated with WWI. But chrome's spell check says 'entendre' is misspelled, so I don't blame you! I hope you know I don't mean to be mean... That's not my intent, sorry!
Where did you get it? I've been looking all over for King of the Hill shirts and I can't find any!	I think it was at Kmart. I use my sons age as my timeline and know I got it before he was born, so I've had it a long time. 
&gt; Out of all the studies I presented, I thought only one relied on vignettes but it was actually two, and that makes me a liar?  newlinechar  newlinechar I think it makes you disingenuous.  It was you who mentioned Sadalla.  You claimed that your sources debunked Sadalla, and maybe.  The point I'm speaking to is that the methodology used in the studies which debunk really doesn't say anything at all because attraction isn't a rational thought process.  Reading a vignette and then asking a series of questions is a rational process.  Trying to understand something that is more instinctual than rational through a purely rational process?  If you pull the other one, it plays show-tunes. newlinechar  newlinechar And truth be told, I'm aware of several ways that science is manipulated, I believe it's called confirmation bias.   newlinechar  newlinechar So we have a number of studies which don't really say much of anything about attraction, because attraction isn't rational. newlinechar  newlinechar That being said, some guys still wanna get laid, and you know what?  If they wait around for the science to be settled, they might as well be waiting for the 2nd comming.  Thankfully for them, there's other evidence to consider.  What have the two hottest selling series of novels in women's literature been in the past say, five years?  The Twilight Series, and the Fifty Shades of Grey series, and the latter is all about sexual surrender to a dominant, high-status man.   newlinechar  newlinechar And it's not like they don't have their predecessors, perhaps you've heard of a little company known as Harlequin Enterprises?   newlinechar  newlinechar If you want TRP to believe that dominance doesn't have a place in the attraction picture, or doesn't have a place in an effective strategy then perhaps you should have a word with western women, because it sure looks to me like they didn't get the memo.	&gt;I think it makes you disingenuous. newlinechar  newlinechar If *I'm* disingenuous, then the fact that you made far more numerable and egregious errors, then what would that make you? newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;It was you who mentioned Sadalla. You claimed that your sources debunked Sadalla, and maybe. newlinechar  newlinechar I mentioned Sadalla as that's the only paper that found an association between dominance and attractiveness - practically all other papers since it's publication in 1987 have refuted it. And *I* didn't claim that the papers debunked it, that was the explicit conclusion of a number of the papers. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;The point I'm speaking to is that the methodology used in the studies which debunk really doesn't say anything at all because attraction isn't a rational thought process. Reading a vignette and then asking a series of questions is a rational process. Trying to understand something that is more instinctual than rational through a purely rational process? If you pull the other one, it plays show-tunes. newlinechar  newlinechar You understand that even if we accept that all of the papers relied on vignettes (they didn't, I'm not sure why you're still pushing this lie), the only single paper that supports your position also relied on vignettes.  newlinechar  newlinechar The point being that you are refuting the only possible scientific paper that supports your point of view. When we reject the Sadalla paper, then we're left with the other papers I linked to that didn't rely on vignettes, which means that my position is more reasonable. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, I'd love to see evidence that this attraction to dominance is 'instinctual', especially since the concept of 'instinct' has long since been rejected from science. It's been over 20 years since any mainstream publication has discussed the concept. What used to be referred to as 'instinct' has now be divided up into more specific processes, and I don't think any of them would support the kind of thing you're pushing. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;And truth be told, I'm aware of several ways that science is manipulated, I believe it's called confirmation bias. newlinechar  newlinechar Interestingly, this is a common finding amongst people pushing pseudoscientific ideas - it's explained by the '[scientific impotence discounting hypothesis](http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1559-1816.2010.00588.x/abstract)'. Basically, the finding is that when people defending pseudoscientific positions are presented with scientific facts that contradict their beliefs, instead of changing their beliefs they are much more likely to satisfy the cognitive dissonance by rejecting the scientific method itself.  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;So we have a number of studies which don't really say much of anything about attraction, because attraction isn't rational. newlinechar  newlinechar None of those studies rely on 'rational' processes.  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;That being said, some guys still wanna get laid, and you know what? If they wait around for the science to be settled, they might as well be waiting for the 2nd comming. newlinechar  newlinechar ...But the science is settled. There's no need to wait. Women aren't attracted to dominance. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Thankfully for them, there's other evidence to consider. What have the two hottest selling series of novels in women's literature been in the past say, five years? The Twilight Series, and the Fifty Shades of Grey series, and the latter is all about sexual surrender to a dominant, high-status man. newlinechar  newlinechar Oh yes, that's totally evidence. Luckily with objective evidence like best selling novels, we don't have to worry about things like confirmation bias or manipulation of evidence. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;And it's not like they don't have their predecessors, perhaps you've heard of a little company known as Harlequin Enterprises? newlinechar  newlinechar Oh sweet, more evidence from books. You got me man, your books totally disprove science. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;If you want TRP to believe that dominance doesn't have a place in the attraction picture, or doesn't have a place in an effective strategy then perhaps you should have a word with western women, because it sure looks to me like they didn't get the memo. newlinechar  newlinechar I'll have a look through Amazon.com and I'll come back when I have irrefutable evidence. I'm sorry I spent all that time presenting science, I didn't realise that objective facts aren't in vogue these days. 
How far ahead are you looking when you bike? The biggest problem I encounter when trying to teach people how to ride is that they want to constantly look down at the shifters or the front tire. newlinechar  newlinechar Riding a bike is like walking or driving, you have to look forward and let a lot of your sense do the balancing/driving for you. newlinechar  newlinechar That being said make sure the bike is properly fitted, it can be hard to achieve the right fit these days because of the varying style of bikes and I've seen it cause more problems than anything with new riders and an improperly fitted bike can easily cause balancing issues.	Honestly, because I'm so embarrassed about not being able to ride, I haven't even *tried* for years (great logic there, right?). So I couldn't answer any of our questions truthfully. But I'll definitely try your suggestions. I guess it'll eventually come out once we start teaching my son...
But that requires friends... 	we get it, its reddit, lots of people don't have friends.
Why does it seem like you intentionally miss most overheads? 	I'd say it's because of Teo being used to the Messer which has an entirely different overhead. Delaying with the Longsword is harder so you have to be good at adapting. 
Yeah. it's the first result when you google the quote. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Caught me
Help guys I got this turtle recently as a gift I'm trying to identify the species for proper care	That's a beautiful tiny hatchling! newlinechar  newlinechar Definitely a [Testudo](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Testudo_%28genus%29), I'd say. Doesn't look like a horsfieldii/Russian and neither like a hermanni (they're darker). That leaves graeca, marginata and kleinmanni, though I doubt it's the latter (too rare). newlinechar  newlinechar I'd guess it's a Greek/graeca, but I'm not sure. Some more photos would be nice, including one of the plastron (bottom of the shell).
well, it's convenient.	So you're saying it's not fast and cheap? And doesn't taste nice?
Priscilla's dagger is worth it. 	Well, sure, I guess so, if you can live with yourself and don't mind the innocent blood on your hands.
He said Vulcun would win 2-1 or 2-0.	That's not a very bold prediction...he literally picked 50% of the possible outcomes
What's even worse is that they say it doesn't hurt. Liars.	All of the times I've gotten a shot they tell me that it'll burn... newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Your doctor/nurse *is* a liar.
So occupied France was actually German.	If the Germans had settled large parts of France for many decades and chased out the original inhabitants and built towns and the like then we would probably be calling it Germany today.
&gt;beat C9 newlinechar  newlinechar if this happens, win streaks are going to be nerfed, i guarantee.	And in patch 4.0 we have teams that consistently gain win streaks having ALL OF THEIR CHAMPION POOL NERFED STBY SOLOQ.
EEEK! I squealed with joy when I saw that you were a mod now. How exciting! :D 	Modly secret - I might have squealed a little too :D
Well technically speaking nothing is implosion resistant, the structural design is significantly more effective than what's been employed in years past. The collapses on 9/11 were caused by the heating and weakening of the structural steal which was protected from by gypsum board and rudimentary fire-proofing which, in the explosion subsequent to the plane crashes, was blown off leaving the steel exposed to heat. The structural steel is protected this time round by 3-7ft thick concrete walls and 'explosion-proof' fireproofing. So yeah, its pretty sturdy. newlinechar  newlinechar edit: spelling	If a fully fueled plane or two crashed into it, would it hold up this time?
I've read reports that cancer patients use multiple 100's. My question is, just how powerful is this. Would an non-opiate user die from 75ug/hr I wonder?	Oh hell yeah they would.  You mean someone with no opiate tolerance whatsoever?  They would die from 50 ug an hr.  when they give Fent to non opiate ppl in the hospital they administer it IV in very very very small amounts.  Fent is dangerous as fuck, strongest opiate there is because it's active in Mcgs and everything else is Mgs.  Lots of ppl OD from Fent man.  Especially when they abuse it by shooting, snorting, smoking, or checking it.  
Hey cousin - didn't know you were on here!	Bros 4 life
It's funny how they don't understand that it would be better for them if we win.	We understand, we just don't care. newlinechar  newlinechar Great run, btw.
Skydiving!!!  On my 'to do' list!!	It was a fucking rush! (and checked it off 2 days b4 I turned 30). Gotta figure out what I'm gonna smoke tonight now
If you choose to take a very reductive definition of 'ideology', then people who are interested in social justice do not have an ideology either: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Social justice in not an ideology. Are babies born with bigotry? No, they just simply are not bigots. if i observe no bigotry and use it to classify my belief its not an ideology, just like vewing things from my window is not an ideology. newlinechar  newlinechar However if you define 'ideology' in the context of differing groups of people, it certainly is, as is atheism. I really hate dictionary arguments, but on this I'll compromise:  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Definition of IDEOLOGY 2b noun 'a manner or the content of thinking characteristic of an individual, **group**, or culture newlinechar  newlinechar This seems to be an unimportant topic though, and I would prefer to address your central claims, so here are some questions: newlinechar  newlinechar 1. Specifically, how does a group that is interested in both social justice and atheism appear less rational?  newlinechar 2. Does that appearance matter so much that we should exclude people who wouldn't want to join a group that welcomes racists and sexists? newlinechar 3. What should people do if they are tired of being harassed by 'fellow' atheists merely for disagreeing or criticizing with behavior withing the atheist/skeptic community? newlinechar  newlinechar **edit: This would probably be a clearer conversation if you would avoid adding large blocks to older statements and instead respond with them in the next reply.** newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Also social justice is not rational, its simply a nice thing to do. newlinechar  newlinechar Elaborate on that please, because that makes no sense. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Also, i dont see how how not focusing on social justice makes it any less welcoming to say, black people. in fact by including these social jsutice things you are basicly saying 'oh, we got this new kid here, hes a SPECIAL kid you have to treat him nicely' newlinechar  newlinechar Maybe the issue is that you don't understand social justice or are deliberately representing an obtuse example to make a point. To avoid the massive post editing, please clarify on this on your next response.	Oooops. This is why i edit my posts so much, change the social justice with atheism at the first part there. I feel bad as your arguments are correct and good.  newlinechar  newlinechar Yes, you appear less rational because you care less about if its the truth or not and more about the effects that come with atheism. The 5 value is critical thinking..(not number 1). You have different priorites, just admit it.  newlinechar  newlinechar Ok, so lets get into what a skeptic is, its those that challenge how society and what the truth is. Its difficult to see you as skeptics, because althoguh you are atheists that are a minority, in this time being against racism, homophobia is quite normal. Being an atheist and thinking 'maybe black people are stupid' is way closer to being a skeptic. If you question what is common to think at the time, that is a skeptic. Social justice is able to be against skeptics.
This is fucking fantastic! Redoing all of my mods now lol. Are you by chance using some kind of GPU enhancer mod?	Nope; I run a GTX 650 Ti straight out of the box.
THOSE KITTENS. I do hope you will be bringing them inside for all the snuggles and love. If not, I will. :P	Bahaha! They already get too many snuggles from the kids!
Uk or us version?	US
You've Got Mail.	You've got Reddit Mail.
Sounds like someone was in North Hall of NHTI	Granite Hall of FPU. But my room had two exposed walls and was a big ol' triple. Lotsa room to make cold.
My Dad comes from English Protestant heritage but my Mum is Irish Catholic and her family is very big on tradition and family values. It was actually a big deal when she married my Dad because he isn't a Catholic so I guess she always had that rebellious nature in her ;P 	Haha, gotcha. One of the very big, very close families?
Uploaded a few days ago http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ	It's 2013 and I'm still falling for this shit.
Dark Angel to [these guys](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQpw3FwYATw) newlinechar  newlinechar * 1.) Gene Hodlan was in Dark Angel with -&gt; newlinechar * 2.) Jim Durkin who was in Pagan War Machine and Dreams of Damnation with -&gt; newlinechar * 3.) Steve Gaines who's in the current lineup of -&gt; newlinechar * 4.) Bitch which used to have two members of The Electric Prunes newlinechar  newlinechar Fuck it: newlinechar  newlinechar * 1.) Gene Hoglan was in Death with -&gt; newlinechar * 2.) Andy LaRocque who's in King Diamond who's drummer used to be -&gt; newlinechar * 3.) Mikkey Dee who's in Motörhead which used to have -&gt; newlinechar * 4.) Pete Gill, who was also in Saxon -&gt; newlinechar * 5.) ... whose album Rock the Nations had a guest appearance from Elton John	Elton John, nicely done!
[](/omnom) Have fun walking around	[](/apj10)If the recoil doesn't tear me in half it will fly me backwards.
Ok, looks like I got my dates wrong, according to this: newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.antiqueclockspriceguide.com/datinggeneral.php newlinechar  newlinechar Clocks like this one are closer to 200 years old. 100 years was a guess.	That really is antique! Any idea what it's worth? Probably even more if you get it running again.
Rogue does really really well against minion-centric decks like Loco's. It's a tough matchup.	Loco's deck really wasn't minion focused though, I'm not really sure what focus it had besides a lot of secrets... unless he just got really lousy draws 3 games in a row. newlinechar  newlinechar The game is new though, so Loco's deck choices are understandable... I was just hoping for closer games. 
silence first so that they are slowed and cant escape then stun	yes that. 
76126	76127
Nordstrom - Free Shipping &amp; Free Returns newlinechar  newlinechar TheShoeMart - One of the best places for buying alden's online newlinechar  newlinechar Zappos - Ya not bad free shipping &amp; returns, lots of casual styles	Thank you!
NO BUT THEY ARE ACKNOWLEDGING THE LEGITIMACY OF A WORD PEOPLE USE ON THE INTERNET SOMETIMES SO THIS IS LITERALLY THE WORST THING THAT COULD EVER HAPPEN TO ME.	People literally use literally in a literally figurative meaning in the real world, too.
Why wouldn't he be? He's a rookie isn't he?	No he went I drafted in 2011 newlinechar He might not wanted to have risked another team grabbing him off the practice squad either. 
This is exactly true. The estimated normal-to-psychopath ratio in (at least American) Corporate Business is 1-in-25 individuals.  newlinechar  newlinechar Source: Did a decent size research project on it. AMA.	Ok, here is a question: newlinechar  newlinechar Why is it that this concentration occurs in Corporate America given the fact that sociopaths/psychopaths are not likely to learn from their mistakes and have massive 'blind spots' concerning their own performance and capabilities? newlinechar  newlinechar Isn't it actually against the best interests of the companies in question to have sociopaths occupying these positions of power?
I think we all know what solves 'awkward' feelings: MORE BOOZE!!  newlinechar  newlinechar \#perfectPlan   newlinechar \#noPossibleRisk newlinechar 	We put on DC/NY. Watching DC play makes me want more booze.
Expired?! I was handed this on Thursday.	It's only valid the same day.
This is completely not true. I can entirely ignore pain, as in I have to check myself in the mirror for injuries after having been in a fight, but I can't ignore a functional inability to perform a particular action. If my body just isn't going to move in a particular fashion, it's not going to do it. I get chiropratcic adjustments for this, and I can move again, completely independent of the pain.  newlinechar  newlinechar People who criticise chiropractic care simply don't understand what they're talking about, and are arguing against strawmen.	&gt;People who criticise chiropractic care simply don't understand what they're talking about, and are arguing against strawmen. newlinechar  newlinechar Generalise much?
by crashing	that's how i longboard.
:)	....soooo are you going to post it? haha
Can they steal some French Canadians?	We don't have a lot of them either and most of those we have are actualy franco-ontarians like Russell Martin.
Ah that's adorable. 1 year club here lol	Did you ... actually play a game for 8 765 hours ?
Shampoo at the beach tells me there's an iPhone inside... Tanning oil or suntan lotion however...... Nah still iPhone inside..	I keep my alcohol in my suntan lotion containers
All nations are criminals, basically. I mean there is not one nation on Earth based on non-violence and the common definition of a state is an actor who has a 'monopoly of violence.' Nevertheless, the people who live in the Golan Heights are Israeli citizens and don't want to be citizens of Syria. It would be fairly criminal to try to force them to renounce their citizenship or force them out of their homes.	As a UN member Israel it's supposed to abide by it's stipulations.
Magneton is the guy's nickname (no points for guessing why). He's not any more of a Pokémon than I am a robotic sun.	Hey man, you could be a robotic sun. Follow your dreams, don't be confined by your human body! 
Microsoft's policies have only been known to get worse.	Their choice to litter the 360 dashboard with ads was terrible, but I don't recall many policies [on the gaming side] recently becoming worse. Hell they're even shutting down GFWL services, that's a plus in every direction.
k, thank u	k
&gt;Everyone should have equal chances - yep, absolutely everyone IS equal - nope, just not true newlinechar  newlinechar Why do you believe so? What's your interpretation of 'being equal'?	I mean that people have different starting points. Some are more intelligent, some have better physis and all those different variations. Seen from this point, not everyone is equal, but everyone is different about what they start life with. newlinechar However, everyone is equal in the way he should be treated. People with the same amount of intelligence should be treated the same in this regard, no matter where they come from. newlinechar That's how I like to see it, if you want I can try to explain it further, but that would take some time :D
Ok, when you paint them paint the edge ( the top of the nail) too - it will stop the chipping and help with shrinkage. newlinechar Buy a good top coat too - forget SV it has shrinkage issues. Try 'out the door' it's fab, so glossy and quick dry plus it will never shrink. newlinechar Add a drop of OPI drying drops and voila! newlinechar  newlinechar Good luck - and bloody good job on not biting!	Thank you very much :)  I will look for that out the door the Julep polymer one I use now is really horrible for shrinkage.
oh fuck off.	To be fair, I think that was satire.
Well don't be so sucked in by the ignorance of others - rise above my friend.	thank you for the kind words.
A tad racist?	He said rasist...
I am assuming because goku's logo/symbol is never on the middle of his clothes so its not accurate.	It is on his back, but yeah, not the front.
yep played this version in primary school here in new zealand. must be different regional dialects!	Aha, a fellow New Zealander! :D newlinechar  newlinechar I was in Whitby when I learned this game, but I've not heard it any different anywhere else. Was always 'do you love me honey'. 
If this is happening then you're skiing with your skiis too close to each other. A lot of the times it needs to be way wider (think athletic stance) than feels 'right'.	Not really. I watch my dad basically monoskiing most of the time. I do it too every once in a while. You just need to have good control and forsight. Don't try this if you leave the prepared slope next to a black slope though since deep snow or irregular snow screw you up too hard.
[definitely](http://youtu.be/PbwHWXL5XF4?t=2m30s)	Only a Knicks fan can link to a regular season game highlight and be proud of it.
&gt; i dont think ihave ever gotten the impression that hate against women, racism or homophobia has been a problem in the atheist community. newlinechar  newlinechar Have you ever been a woman, person of color, or queer person in the atheist community?	No, im a white male, please elaborate.
Number one rule of reddit: Never give clues of your location to someone named giga_dong	I'm new here! But thanks for the advice :) Plus I don't live anywhere near there anymore so I feel alright
Strange how a country that is actually very accepting if trans people can still be so insanely homophobic.	They aren't accepting of trans people.  Yes, if you happen to be straight, you get the splashover benefits.  Gay and lesbian trans people are still SOL. newlinechar  newlinechar But the real victims here are the cis gay (and lesbian?) people forced to essentially become trans, without hope of being able to go back.
How do you filter it then? 	Cotton in the cap 
Home Movies makes everything better. Miss that show.	You got that right. Damn good show. 
I'm just getting started!	The next 2 days are gonna be a cigar marathon for me, getting my lineup set right now...my top shelf is going to get decimated!
What are you, a cat?	Yes
I sadly have nothing better to do than watch this shit	I just might play some video games. I stick around for every game and just don't need to watch this anymore tonight. 
My brother and his roommate stopped a drunken sexual assault in the alley behind his house. When it went to trial..... the defense attorney tried to say that everyone was involved in a conspiracy to frame his client for rape. Here is the case.....  fucking crazy. newlinechar PEOPLE v. GRAHLMAN newlinechar NO. B228630. newlinechar  newlinechar 	WTF?! I just don't want to believe that people are that fucking dumb, but I guess I'd better just resign myself to it.
How old are you, 15? 	No.
That is probably the greatest feeling of all time. Thinking you are fucked or something in general happens but everything turns out to be great. You just have an overwhelming happiness flow over you. And you're in a great mood for at least the rest of the day. 	If you're *really* lucky, it's so big that you're in a great mood for the rest of your life. newlinechar  newlinechar Believe me, being shocked into realizing how good you have it is a great gift.
My guess:  The pictures would likely look too old/dated and would easily give away the fact that they're not talking to who they think they're talking to.	Have you seen Instagram lately?! newlinechar  newlinechar (Obviously old photos aren't ideal. But it seems better than the current strategy of just no photos)
highlight, CTRL+C, notepad, CTRL+V works bettar.	Highlight, right click, read where it asks if you want to google search it. EVEN BETTER.
Well they already violated the Geneva conventions in the golan: newlinechar  newlinechar http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quneitra#Return_to_Syrian_control	I'm sure they have violated the Geneva convention dozens of times but that's not my point, my point is that they have no interest in surrendering their own sovereign territory merely because an organization as laughable and corrupt as the UN tells them to.
You're not wrong here, but there is a reason I have you tagged as 'Elitist Skateboard Douche'	You're damn right I'm part of the elite, bubs.
Well I think that was the problem he had with it. He had been known as Yasiin Bey by the people he personally knew for a long time, while he was Mos Def. this is quote by him saying newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;'I began to fear that Mos Def was being treated as a product, not a person, so I've been going by Yasiin since '99. At first it was just for friends and family, but now I'm declaring it openly,'  newlinechar  newlinechar But yeah I'm not gonna ballistic on someone for calling him Mos, I understand that some people feel differently.  newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks for having a rational discussion with me, that hasn't been happening with me recently on here. 	I feel you, G. Glad we agreed to disagree rather than argue &lt;3
You may, doesn't mean I will.	Oh that wasn't directed at you, you're our sworn enemy.
May as well drop a freakin' manhole cover.	Too much exercise to bring a manhole cover up a tall building. Maybe a bag of loonies. 
That lists them by how much money they made in a year, not exactly a ranking of who is the 'number one DJ.' Even if you want to argue that the guy paid the most to DJ is the best DJ then you can't source that article, because in their figures they included royalties, music sales and endorsements. I'm willing to bet that the vast majority of the money Calvin Harris made was not from shows but from licensing his music to stadiums and commercials. Go to any football game or major sporting event and tell me how many times you here 'Feels so Close.' newlinechar  newlinechar Arguing about it is pretty fucking pointless anyway, it's entirely subjective. I'm not going to think that Calvin Harris is the best DJ because I wouldn't enjoy his shows based on his music and the crowd it attracts, conversely I saw RJD2 last year and was blown away and he's definitely the best DJ I've personally seen but not a lot of people would call him number one. So yea... not worth debating. 	ofcourse it's subjective, that's why I asked.
I bet you're just bundles of fun to be around. 	I actually am - I'm gearing up to head out and party hard tonight as I write this. I don't know why people who read my comment think that because I don't tolerate slobs as roommates means I'm a finicky jerk. I'm not anal about things until I have to put up with this shit on a daily basis. And I should note that most of the people I lived with were friends of mine who I knew before I lived with them, and their habits came as a surprise to me. newlinechar  newlinechar Actually, I would question your standards of hygiene if you don't think my complaints are valid. Do you live with dried piss on your toilet rim? Do you have toenail clippings littering your bathroom floor? Do you have grease stains on your couch and crumbs on your carpet? Do you substitute perfume or cologne for an actual shower? If so, you are disgusting and you should be ashamed of yourself.
I tried once. newlinechar  newlinechar And I got my username and password right.	ah it just means that the separate site reddit-stream.com is 'spamming' the reddit.com servers with too many requests.    newlinechar  newlinechar my guess?  college football starting up along with NFL.    more game streams.  more log in requests than usual.
Real talk: that's better than anything I've had from Redhook.	Stone is tits.
It's a shotgun... Did you really just say it's 'only good for close quarters?'	That's what Call of Duty teaches us.  Past 10 feet it's worthless, right?
I did an x.35.401 on the 84t9 and quickly ended up with an unstable u654a and I got the fuck out of there.	Yeah, yeah, I know some of those words!
Am I the only one that has never been told that people in the Telestial kingdom don't get to have sex? The *fuck* is that about? Does every man lose his dick or something?	Sorry brother.  It's not explicitly said we won't have wieners or tacos, but this:  newlinechar  newlinechar 'In both of these kingdoms [i.e., the terrestrial and telestial] there will be changes in the bodies and limitations. They will not have the power of increase, neither the power or nature to live as husbands and wives, for this will be denied them and they cannot increase. Those who receive the exaltation in the celestial kingdom will have the “continuation of the seeds forever.” They will live in the family relationship. In the terrestrial and in the telestial kingdoms there will be no marriage. Those who enter there will remain “separately and singly” forever. Some of the functions in the celestial body will not appear in the terrestrial body, neither in the telestial body, and the power of procreation will be removed.' (Doctrines of Salvation. vol. 2, pg. 287-288.) newlinechar  newlinechar Here here my eunuch bound friend! newlinechar  newlinechar 
[](/twicutesmile) Ohh that second one is one of my favorites too	I really like it, mostly since it can be so hard to find good anthro clop pics.
I was actually at the game, it was awesome!...for the first quarter. After that, GT just ran up the score. After the 3rd quarter, I felt bad for Elon. 3 pick-6's, 3 70+ yd runs, and many 15+ yd passes. 	They weren't inconsiderate, however. They played through their depth chart and agreed to a continuous clock in the 4th quarter to allow the game to end quicker. On their last drive they just ate the clock and took a knee instead of going for the TD. Elon was surely expecting a beating anyways.  newlinechar  newlinechar The dominant performance on both sides of the ball is encouraging for the coming weeks. I know Elon isn't nearly competitive, but GT's showing was  impressive nonetheless IMO.
First of all, thank you for replying seriously.  But I am concerned that even if corporations think this way now, they will not always think this way. I have a hard time believing that entities that exist to make money and power will turn down a way to make money and power. 	I try to remain serious and honest when possible on reddit, although the temptation to troll does sometimes overtake me. But I do agree that any entity that exists to make money or gain power is ultimately doomed to corruption. The question isn't whether corruption is there but to what extent, and from what I have seen and learned power corrupts faster than money, and right now the government is giving itself power at an alarming rate. Its not just the president, congress, or one department, but the government as a whole seems to be spiraling, grabbing power at any chance it sees, be it the NSA, IRS, EPA etc. While Microsoft and Google do have some power, they are vastly more limited in it. What corporations have is money, lots of it, but that money is more fluid in its corrupting abilities. They know they need to maintain a revenue stream, and consumers, if banded together, can have drastic effects on that revenue pushing corporations in the direction they want, or ending their existence out right. Obviously the bigger the corporation the more pushing is needed but its far easier to push corporations than governments. That is a more long winded explanation to my answer.  newlinechar  newlinechar To people who say 'well if you have nothing to hide' are being short sighted and missing the point. I have nothing to hide, I have gone through more extensive background checks than most people to include polygraphs with no issues, but I still don't want the government snooping around. It isn't that I am hiding anything, its a matter of principle and the road that leads down. Sure its just a privacy issue now but that can lead to some horrible stuff down the road. The last thing I want to see is a worst case scenario such as that of Nazi Germany where the government sends goons to 'remove' people who disagree. Do I think that will happen, probably not, but it is possible. What I think is likely though is using that information to restrict people further or even bully them into agreement. That isn't the place of the government. The government is supposed to work for the people, fear the people, and only carry out the will of the people, ***not ever*** the other way around. While I am sure you and I disagree on many political issues, that is one I believe we likely agree on. 
the hell is a rubric? newlinechar 	A detailed explanation that lists the criteria that the professor is looking for when he/she is grading.
Please Donate to [Locks of Love](http://www.locksoflove.org/) 	I plan to.
Just a point of fast:  The Latin writing tradition had its roots in Greek long before the the Roman conquest of Greece.	Good point, my post seems a little unclear on that. I'll edit again.
nothing happened to me, was that some kind of trolling?  newlinechar  newlinechar (you can tag me as the not smartest person)	Click the ostrich three times
If it makes you feel better that cocaine bag didn't matter. You get a maximum of nine bags, and you had already dropped 8. I've yet to see a crew wait for the boat to come back for one bag.	You can take it with you on the chopper.
How much of it?	More than I can count.
&gt; we were all using PhotoShop and Illustrator newlinechar  newlinechar Weak. You should use GIMP instead. Nothing like oppressing some fools with the name of your software alone.	If I can further bubble your stew, it's also a mac class.  We're oppressing PCs too.
We've played well against the Reds this year. Then we have the Pirates at home where we've had better luck against them.  Could easily start September off well	Honestly, I think our likelihood of winning the division depends on two things: newlinechar  newlinechar 1. How soon we shake this funk, and newlinechar  newlinechar 2. How poorly the Pirates play in September. newlinechar  newlinechar If tomorrow truly is a comeback day, and we continue playing well, we could possibly come out of this division-series stretch tied for/in the lead in the Central. If that's the case, I think we have a good shot, so long as the Pirates don't go on a huge winning streak. We both have pretty easy September schedules, so who knows.
basically more free advertising for them	Still a free keyboard!
Hope you enjoyed the band.	The band was very fun to watch, thanks
[](/apj10)If the recoil doesn't tear me in half it will fly me backwards.	[](/twipoker) That's actually pretty smart newlinechar 
OH MY GOSH. I WANT IT.	 all mine he is all tired from the car ride home we have to get a new bulb for his lamp we plugged it in it worked turned it off and it never went back on again.
The E's will always take it, unless you read ['Gadsby',](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gadsby_(novel\)) the only book that does not include one letter E in it. 	A seemingly impossible task, a simple response and I gave up on trying to keep it e-less after 5 minutes. 
So what if they have a genre of music of what they love? People like electronic music, classical, foreign, etc. but it is fine for them. As soon as Christianity is involved, it is suddenly a bad thing.  newlinechar  newlinechar I'm just saying that just because someone likes a certian genre that you don't like, doesn't mean you should automatically be disgusted. 	Again, it's not the music that repels people. I can't stand pop and (most) rap music, but almost all of my friends listen to just that. newlinechar  newlinechar It's the fact that it's a 'genre' of music that is ENTIRELY ABOUT A RELIGION. Sure, other genres have certain 'themes' to them - a lot of rap talks about fucking bitches and money and whatnot, pop music is generally 'feelgood' stuff and things about love and cheese, rock is all angsty and 'fuck the system', etc, but there are songs about different things in those genres. You can rap about dinosaurs or whatever. newlinechar  newlinechar An entire fucking genre of music praising your religion is a bit much. People, as far as I'm aware, don't have the same reaction of 'Woah, weird O_o' to country music despite its religious undertones because it's usually much more subtle, and there is obviously much more to it than 'Jesus will save me'. newlinechar  newlinechar This is a creepy level of dedication. Nothing wrong with being a bit spiritual, but when your musical tastes and spirituality are synonymous...well. This says something about you, your spirituality is leaking too much into other aspects of your life. This complicates things. newlinechar  newlinechar First of all - assuming your partner doesn't share your views, they'd have to be careful to not say something touchy. Personally, this sounds really fucking annoying because your fuckbuddy should be somebody you feel comfortable discussing anything with. newlinechar  newlinechar Second - religions tend to have restrictions about lots of things, especially regarding fucking. Fucking is a pretty big part of relationships. Now it'd be pretty _fucking_ annoying to have Jesus cockblock you. newlinechar  newlinechar Third - Similar to first, but I split it so I'd have three points. It's a nice number. Anyways, it displays how vocal you are about your views (not necessarily a bad thing). However, many people who aren't religious have very different views of things than those who are - especially regarding things of a sexual nature. 
I SWEAR ON ME MUM	CMERE I'LL GLASS YA
New one for me,  currently I am playing with Digital Ocean and Ram Node.  Both have been good so far.	I checked out digital ocean -- i needed more storage than than i was willing to pay for there. newlinechar  newlinechar Ram Node is new to me -- As much as I'd love SSD, i needed hard drive space, not speed.
If she's getting detention for that, talk to the school and say, in no uncertain terms, that such behavior is harassment and that if it continues, there will be consequences.  Most schools will straighten out once you threaten them, from what I've seen. 	I agree with this person. Go bitch that school out. How dare they treat a child like shit because of something they had no control of.
I'm glad. It shows respect for Congress and the checks and balances we have in place for this sort of thing. The question is: if Congress tells him 'no', will he act anyway? For that matter, what if the UN inspectors turn up nothing? This is the true test of a President; not when everything's going his way, or when all the right people are on his side, but when he's painted himself into a corner and has only himself to help him get out.	I highly doubt that if Congress turns him down he will follow through with an attack. It would be political suicide for him and his party in the next few election cycles.
[](/kittyshy-invert) I feed on stupid Dwarves.	[](/ajyay)Oh good, you can have all the nobles. Just leave the useful ones alone, k?
The only time I've ever seen 'No game license attached' is when browsing [EU Battle.net](http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/) instead of [US Battle.net](http://us.battle.net/wow/en/) (My game license is US).	whew! thanks newlinechar  newlinechar I had done a search looking to see what my 416 ilvl leveling monk could solo and it brought up an EU forum article. newlinechar  newlinechar went to armory from there and got all cornfuzzled!
A theocracy ideology would be nice. I'd also like a religious victory.	It would just be the tourism victory for the theocracy ideology. It would give you extra bonuses for shared religion, and spread a tourism boost from missionaries.
Modly secret - I might have squealed a little too :D	I may have done the same when they made me a TC mod. :D
Both my dad and sister are on that base!	That's too bad... This place sucks a whole lot.
Unless it gets so bad your teeth start falling out. Can't really bounce back from that.	Not with that attitude...
When was cheating ever difficult?	It's just never been easier.
Damn, I've been quoting it wrong all these years.	Meh, who cares... its the one time Delaware has ever been mentioned in a movie. Ever. 
Well you have to use primer unless you want the paint to look terrible.	I just finished painting my wall in Smurfs 2 Blue actually!
Is this a school that serves a significant number of muslim/jewish students or something?	I'm not sure, though it is possible.
You are the greatest man alive! I really like your stuff and I have 3 prints of yours already! Keep it up man.	Wow what a complement! Thank you! I'll try and keep pushing new one's out as much as I can. newlinechar  newlinechar -Cale
It really did max my comp. Not only did KSP get crashy but my computer froze a couple times as well as gave me a blue screen of death, a first for this machine. Debris was not even an option in my head let alone all that debris. At one point i went an downloaded the latest invidia drivers for my video card (gtx 550 ti) in the hopes it might help..It didnt. I think Mun Town might be how i benchmark future computers :P	That's excellent, hopefully at some point you can afford (or justifty) the means to make 'card' plural... actually, is it a calculation load? I don't think the graphics are all that horrific for the card, it's all the physics... We need that intel parallel processing card.  
No, no, no. newlinechar  newlinechar 'Right-to-work' means if a Union wants to come in and make everyone there join them, you can reject the attempted forced takeover. newlinechar  newlinechar 'At-will employment' means an employer can fire anyone for no reason at all.	not in the laws passed here, it was touted as a union busting bill, but they stripped a lot of employee rights here in Indiana. We were already at will, but they stripped a lot of our ability to sue for wrongful termination and such.
Hmm. Maybe it came undone	Well no, if it becomes undone, that would help you. A lot of people 'undo' the sensor so that it doesn't have a way to fuck up so to speak. When my bike stopped turning out, the sensor 'sensed' the clutch wasn't being held in even though I was holding it in. I properly removed it, takes 3-5min, easy job, and the bike started right up. Plus it's a kick-ass mod because all you have to do to turn the bike on is push 1 button and you're outta there!
is the blood Bidoof colored... or is the blood just live Bidoofs scratching and scrambling through your veins?	Yes
Does this happen to be in the UK?	Nope. Queensland, Australia.
It's currently 20:09 for me. I'm spending the night at my parents but if this sicko knows where i am at all times, I won't be safe anywhere newlinechar 	Close all windows and doors, check the places where a man could hide and keep a knife close to you, somewhere where you can grab it fast and it can't be seen that easy, if your parents know about this and they got a gun put it somewhere near you and ready for anything. Next time you go out pay attention to the persons around you and if you see someone suspicious keep an eye on him. If you see the same 'random' persone more than once and you think he's stalking you, you may want to announce the police, if you see an officer around you tell him. Afterall you have all the reasons to belive someone's is stalking you and he is crazy and you don't know what he can do to you :(. Now just stay calm , I hope it won't show up ot maybe it's just a sick joke from one of your friends. Now, your birthday will come, you don't need to stay all the time with fear, enjoy your birthday afterall you should be happy on your birthday.  Aaaand ye don't forget to take the letter to the police ASAP.
Just fire up any game of LoL and look like you're going to make a mistake and you'll get lambasted in no time.	Are you implying there are other types of LOL players?
She probably will, but I have no clue what I would be doing 	If shed let you have sex without a condom would you?
Of the three, Knight impressed me the most at the spring game.  Still, our third guy is a lefty, which would be fun to see him throw off opposing defenses 	Definitely an issue with setting his feet at the moment, but that'll be fixed this half.  newlinechar  newlinechar We'll see more swing passes out of the backfield that are actually completed this second half. I love the new offense. Having knight scramble and run makes for a dangerous threat.
What thread	'The fun of playing derpy decks like Ojamas' http://www.reddit.com/r/yugioh/comments/1lfmbl/the_fun_of_playing_derpy_decks_like_ojamas/
&gt;recharge it with kief as I go. newlinechar  newlinechar You my friend, are a genius. I've gotta start 'recharging'.	Why thank ya. It really does turn it greener if you shake it well enough. You can see the potency has returned. It's a great way to do kief without having to scrape it off the screen. I start off with half coarse grind, half medium, then when it turns brown I mash it with my fingers and then use kief to get it back up to the level of the bars.
Really? I remember stealing some sprite when I was 8. Felt guilty as shit. I was in another state, didnt feel okay until we were home. Would never do that again.	Yeah yeah yeah. You are innocent. But that isnt how the majority thinks.
Blind, i dont personally plan on building it, just buying everything and having a friend do it or something, im just not about these prebuilt alienware or whatever pcs. 	This might be able to help you. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.logicalincrements.com
5243	5236
Thats awesome! newlinechar 	What? 
FAL is a good one, but they aren't terribly cheap.  They do look classy as hell when you put wood furniture on them though.	There is never a wrong time for the right arm of the free world. 
Thanks! I'm gonna just keep my head low and my head straight, hopin I'll adapt quicker than some other gals...	You'll all adapt together. Make good friends with your bunkie and learn how to make your rack quickly. Don't try to be the guide until later, and learn to eat fast without choking. Drink a canteen of water before lights out so you wake up during the night and can change socks, tidy your footlocker, write letters, etc. 
So is that Japanese guy still single? newlinechar  newlinechar ohgodrainyouhavenofuckingtactwaytoruinapotentiallygreatfriendshipyoualwaysdoshitlikethislikethattimein6thgradefuckmeimgoingtogodriveoffacliffbetterputasmileytomakeitlooklikeimbeingfunny newlinechar  newlinechar =P newlinechar  newlinechar fuckingnailedit	Yes, but he's a 'lesbian' newlinechar  newlinechar igotnothingforthisoneiwasntsupposedtotellanybodythoughsoijusthopehekeepsitasecretifheisseriousaboutjoiningishouldprobablypostareplysmiley newlinechar  newlinechar XD newlinechar  newlinechar youfuckingweeaboo
See, how the heck did you manage to get all this working?!? newlinechar  newlinechar My calculator started lagging after I got four dots on screen. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 	Your code was bad then. There are many ways to inadvertantly cause memory leaks on TI Basic but if you don't, it's surprisingly powerfulish. For a calculator.
I wish we could have a team of cloned Suh's and Davids and Prince's.  	In time.  SCIENCE!
Lost your bike and Nexus 10 at the same time!  Man, that's rough.  I'd get a new 7 till the new 10s come out.	I've been considering getting a n7, if only because there are durable cases available for them.  If it had been in an otterbox defender, or a pelican this likely wouldn't have happened.  
Not sure what I was expecting...	Imagine how I felt newlinechar 
Almost certainly. You would be busy playing, then being congratulated, then taking pictures and signing stuff. Others would have been busy dissecting your win for at least half an hour before you could even get online.	I meant in general not just online
I had the same problem.  Just listen and you'll be able to tell them apart.  The hardest one was trying to differentiate Bob Kelly and Jim Norton	Yes definitely. Jim/Bobby was super hard to tell apart at first. 
Hey, as long as it puts markers on my minimap...	those fetch quests would be much easier.
this is so incredible!	Thank you! :D
It is on his back, but yeah, not the front.	Exactly, so it doesn't make sense
How can I purchase these from you	I'm sorry to tell you you can't. Aside from being family history, these and the other models are some of my favorite possessions. I'd be curious to know a value, however, if you have experience with these sorts of things. Thank you for your interest. I'm happy to know I'm not the only one who likes them. 
I do often think, when I feel guilty about some less-than-gentlemanly actions in which I've engaged, 'What would 'Rubbinmysloth' have done?' When those thoughts and my actions seem to be in agreement, I suddenly feel as though a great weight has been lifted.	Make me one with everything, /u/rubbinmysloth.
Actually, between non-married persons, it is advised against strongly.	But how are you supposed to know that you like a person if you are not allowed to be intimate? 
Do you have a consistent source of levitation?  You'll need one.  How about boots of speed (which are better than gauntlets of power, even with Mjolnir)?  A magic marker is probably the best thing if you've already got those two items, even though that should have been your first wish so you could recharge the wand itself.  Reverse genociding nurses is a worthwhile use of your time and wishes.	I used it on candles, for future security. I found a Djinn, and I want to wish for a magic marker, how many charges should I wish for? I don't know how wishing for charges works.
I guess I just have a lot of faith in the game developers that if the move forward to modern times they will be able to keep the AC feel involved in the game. 	I understand, and I like Ubi/AC as much as anyone (I'm subbed, obviously), but modern melee combat just doesn't work in anything other than a stealth setting, unless it's on a much smaller scale than AC tends to usually go for (think Sleeping Dogs).
I can't figure out how glyphosate would kill a rootworm...	Oh wow, I just skipped right over that. Yikes, at least the article itself was about BT resistance. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: I've gotta say, though. The folks at the lab *would* have been 'perplexed and offended' if corn root worms had suddenly become susceptible to glyphosphate, then suddenly resistant to it. Mostly just perplexed, though.
http://i.imgur.com/OXBQcPa.gif	Assholes just wanna shit on everything.
IMHO the average Briton *isn't* represented in any news paper.	While an excellent point, I did read a survey that said Britons don't want war. newlinechar ['Evidence'.](http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/syria-crisis-not-send-troops-2232398) newlinechar [An actual trustworthy source.](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-23867599)
I really like it, mostly since it can be so hard to find good anthro clop pics.	[](/pretzelnom) I'm all about true clop but that's one of the few anthros i like
He might not know it was Etho...	It's probably an Etho fan disguised as a Telus worker who just wanted to meet the big man. No wonder nothing was repaired :P
Ahaha yeah the teenage years will be expensive (double the makeup) and er..just not fun in general cause you know 'fuck you mom you are the worst ever ahhhhhhhhhhh'. Enjoy her while she's still cute. Oh and I ate a lot too when I was little...I don't think she'll grow out of it, I didn't!	Yep the make up, the 'you ruined my life I hate youuuuuu', clothes. Yeah it'll be great fun ;) I'm sure she wont grow out of it. Her dad is the same way xD
I must admit, I'm surprised you lost traction at 70 (I'm assuming mph) anywhere on the motorway - especially as it was just a connection between two. I'd expect to be going along at full speed down one of those!	The turn was pretty sharp on the ramp and I didn't have the best tires at the time either. I always slow down excessively every time i'm on those ramps haha
I'm kidding, eat it.	First kitten soup and now parakeet??!?  You're a sick man, Skip!
Why does your largest ship have fans on it? I understand it looks good, but you're in space. Fans wouldn't work. newlinechar  newlinechar I remember seeing the first yellow ship you did though, and thinking it was so big. Definitely a long way ahead of that. A beautiful set, if I do say so.	Excess heat from the reactor spins turbines, which rotate magnets around metal coils. So my excuse is magnets! newlinechar  newlinechar It's just to look cool in all honesty :P newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks!
It's rare but every few years there are games where fans can be out of this world.	I'm hoping the Georgia game can be as such this year. I'll be so disappointed if it isn't a night game. 
No, they're technically a nonprofit. Charities are nonprofit, but not all nonprofit organizations are charities. newlinechar  newlinechar I assume the difference is that charities typically give revenue to serve a cause, while nonprofits keep the revenue for 'growth'. For example: public colleges are non-profit but I doubt anyone would call them charities. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Wikipedia tells me that charities fit under 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code and my guess is NFL is under 501(c)(6) as a 'Business League'. newlinechar  newlinechar [Confirmed on the NFL's Wikipedia page, except trade organization not business league.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NFL#Corporate_structure)	They are, in my opinion, completely undeserving of non-profit status however.
Noon and midnight.	88:88
Those are the crawling babies. They used to crawl up the Zizkov TV tower. Not sure if they still do or not.	yeah i remember them, when i was six i went on holiday and damn near shat myself in fear!
Are you talking about sleep deprivation?	'Not read it I heard about it from a friend. I'm not sure if actually does. But it does affect your mood and behavior because of bad sleep quality.' -Earlier comment by me
So much Liara. newlinechar  newlinechar Which can only be a good thing.	Except that second wallpaper. I can appreciate the effort to draw it, and it's well above my skills, yet it just seems... off.
Thank you! Pretty much the escalation of the video. Scars have multiplied like crazy.  newlinechar  newlinechar How are you?	Just make sure you stay safe and stuff. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm alright. Relased the other day.
That really is antique! Any idea what it's worth? Probably even more if you get it running again.	Don't know, but I ain't selling her. Does need some repairs that you can't see though.
Just like us in Milwaukee. We play like hell there every single time.	It just sucks not being able to put up a fight against a team that we might play against in the playoffs.
The TV version is a 1/144 scale HG. There is already a 1/100 MG TV version Wing Gundam that I believe came out 3 years ago.	No the tv version, or 'proto wing zero' is a master grade. It is releasing in October. 
As much as I like Ab soul, his 'politics' are for the most part just vague generalities.	Yeah, true.
oh.	It was funnier when I said it out loud at 3am because I read 9 'Why was the boy sad' jokes in the past hour.
Fuck the police	I really hate seeing these type of comments. Police go through some shit, man.
I want to get a 3D Printer Molding, Which program is best to use to develop a file	Honestly, SolidWorks is (in my opinion) the best. You can save to many different file types with SolidWorks so that whatever is needed can be sent. What difficulties are you having? Maybe we can help.
What's that obby structure? Do you know where the attacker is? If they have a shread of sense they'll have gine into hiding...	We found her logout spot and wanted to make sure she didn't bust out the windows while we were camping her. 
I'm pretty sure this is what it's supposed to do. I have one. When you blow into it it makes absolutely no noise unless you slide that thing back and forth. Slowly or quickly, it makes the weird whispy, windy sound his is making here.	Is it a non functioning whistle? Because that's obviously supposed to be one. 
Still 30 FPS too I believe.	Yep
The automotive industry isn't building the cars. Google is. 	I fail to see the point of your comment.
If that were the case then there would be a problem. Since that is just something you made up I'm not too worried.	&gt;Since that is just something you made up newlinechar  newlinechar Is it? reading the reaction from /r/news leads me to believe a lot of these people *do* get their news from reddit directly. I suspect this is because it conforms to their pre-existent biases. What are the chances these people visit rt.com outside of reddit?
The style evolved, Neverwinter Nights 2 released its last expo in 2010 I think. They just stopped using isometrics because the graphics capabilties of mid-2000 systemes could handle full 3d geometry. That did make the games harder to make, though.	More like devolved. If you look past the graphics, modern RPGs like Dragon age, Mass Effect or Fallout 3 don't come close to the same quality of storytelling and dialogue as BG2,  planescape and Fallout 1/2. 
Are you still a parent?	Nah, he ate the baby upon release from the uterus.
DJ Khaled is the exception to that rule though. newlinechar  newlinechar He's the best.	Liisssteeennn
is the student getting the phd with that philosopher?	no elsewhere. he's working on the same stuff though.
I know, right???? Any idea how freaking paranoid that makes me?? I totally get all the grammar rules, but when I'm typing quickly, I'm so apt to substitute a there for their or it's for its. lol	Well best of luck to you! I couldn't do it. I have a hard enough time being *QUICK!*
You still have time. But when GM randomly reverts you to Lite as it does, there's no getting back to Pro from there. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm pretty sure that 8.1 doesn't use Softwrap. I use this version alongside Master, and certainly hope to be able to continue doing so.	Oh well. I wish they kept the softwrap -&gt; 8.1 upgrade until the switch but one can't get everything. :P newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks for the info.
You could make them similar appearing numbers to enhance the effect?	Shanahan is currently petitioning the league to allow QB's to wear the numbers 69 and 96. 
Shrek himself actually made the face just after rescuing Fiona. I don't know why they used donkey for this example. 	Donkey and the fish are making this 'Hey hey, I'm going to be funny in this movie' face, then everyone else is making this 'This movie is so predictable that you can already tell by my face that I'm victorious in the end' face. The faces of Dreamworks, everyone.
And I didn't believe it then.	Yes, they clearly had it wrong.  It's 'Don't trust anyone under thirty'.  Their brains are not fully developed.
slugs dont spread?	No.  Can be a single large pellet.  No spread with one slug.
Would anyone care to link to the original post?	http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1leuf4/right_on_time_for_gta_5/ newlinechar Probably not original (what is nowadays)  but most likely this is what they are referring to.
This is my problem with the criticism of Cosmo. Most of the suggestions in the magazine don't come from the editors, but from people who send in suggestions that work for *them and their partner.* Don't try things like poking his butt with a fork without saying, 'Hey, are you into/could you be open to cutlery in the bedroom?'	Cosmo could tell people to stick cattle prods up my bum, but it shouldn't matter because the deeper problem is people being unable to find out what their partners are into via communication in the first place.
[](/excitedpie) its gonna be fucking awesome	[](/cutevinyl)I severely doubt that.
You're so right, and I was so surprised that of all things, their strength in these sets would be their decisiveness due to the drama and just recent LCS performances where they weren't moving as one unit.	Yeah! I don't wanna talk like I know what happens behind scenes, but probably the last huge fight that happened broke some 'barriers', if you understand what I'm trying to say. Maybe by breaking those barriers what everyone felt really got out and that probably helped communication. Assuming that's what happened, it shows in their cohesiveness. 
Yea thought so but just thought I'd give it a try for some secret location or something. Sac state parking garage isn't great either. Any star gazing spots? 	Indian Hill Road in Auburn.  Not really an official lookout but I saw a picture of it one day and decided to look for it.  Wasn't hard to find and it was a nice view overlooking Sacramento.  Get there in time and you'll even be able to see the sunset change colors midway, it's simple amazing.  Half the sky is a polluted orange and fades into a dark sky blue as the night sky sets in. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Here is the exact place I went to.  Few streetlights and as long as you're not disruptive, nobody cares you're there.   newlinechar  newlinechar http://goo.gl/maps/yg2sP newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar That google image is a bit old too, some of the trees have been cut down so you can actually see the city lights.
Been there. newlinechar  newlinechar And now I have to cover my tats because it 'might' offend someone. newlinechar  newlinechar Shit, I'm covered in mud half the time, how a little bit of ink going to offend someone?	I'd personally be offended if I saw a tatted up man covered in mud. I'd walk up to yourr supervisor and demand that you b e washed so that I could better see the tattoos.  newlinechar  newlinechar I have to cover mine up as well, but I was expecting that. 
Don't make a move on her. You'd be an asshole if you did. Imagine if you were the dude and YOUR girlfriend that you've dated for a year and a half cheated on you, it would suck. newlinechar  newlinechar (Plus, if she'll cheat on her boyfriend with you, chances are she'll cheat on you with some other guy if you do get into a committed relationship.)	I was never going to do anything like kissing or sex or anything, (anything that would be considered cheating on her behalf) and I'm pretty sure that she won't either. I was just wondering if she liked me or liked my attention, because if she liked me then I'd talk to her about it.  newlinechar  newlinechar Even though it sounds harsh, I'm hoping she dumps him and then we date (long shot). 
It could have been a animation error on that episode, it tends to happen a lot to anime 	It's not just one episode. I just finshed watching episode 11 and it's been that way since they introduced him after Raditz died.
Sure, because being smart means making the most money. Lahm is an absolute douchebag, but a brilliant player.	One of the biggest strawman's that I've seen used against me. newlinechar 
this is turning into an all out slap fight	i'm rooting for OP here... 404 is just douching this whole topic up. newlinechar  newlinechar Really...a chore to change gears? lol I LOVE changing gears... it's half the damn ride! what could be better than having full control of that raw power placement on the pavement. (oh yay lots of P words) newlinechar  newlinechar 
The main things you would be concerned about are bugs and light. If you wanted to extend your growing season, you would need massive amounts of light to continue the fruit growth of the plant (like a high pressure sodium light with at least 250 Watts). Also, there are probably all sorts of bugs living in the soil you are using from outdoors (aphids, mites, etc). You could try to use 'organic' pesticides, but it would only lessen the chances. You could try to take a cutting and keep that alive through winter, but bugs could still be a concern. 	You could probably move the plant/plants into a garage or somewhere isolated (bugs) to protect them from frost at night, then move them out during the day for light. That would prevent needing a big light, protect them, and probably add a couple weeks to your season.
Honestly, because I'm so embarrassed about not being able to ride, I haven't even *tried* for years (great logic there, right?). So I couldn't answer any of our questions truthfully. But I'll definitely try your suggestions. I guess it'll eventually come out once we start teaching my son...	Ahh, I was going to say Confidence was the next important thing on the list! If you can run you can ride a bike, just be confident about it. newlinechar  newlinechar If you ever get back into it come join /r/bicycling!
I thought the guy got run over.	Nope; he was eventually pulled away by two unidentified men. newlinechar  newlinechar Quote from Wikipedia on the man's identity: newlinechar &gt; Little is publicly known of the man's identity or that of the commander of the lead tank. Shortly after the incident, the British tabloid the Sunday Express named him as Wang Weilin (王维林), a 19-year-old student who was later charged with 'political hooliganism' and 'attempting to subvert members of the People's Liberation Army'. However, this claim has been rejected by internal Communist Party of China documents, which reported that they could not find the man, according to the Hong Kong-based Information Center for Human Rights. One party member was quoted as saying, 'We can’t find him. We got his name from journalists. We have checked through computers but can’t find him among the dead or among those in prison.' Numerous theories have sprung up as to the man's identity and current whereabouts. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; There are several conflicting stories about what happened to him after the demonstration. In a speech to the President's Club in 1999, Bruce Herschensohn, former deputy special assistant to President Richard Nixon, reported that he was executed 14 days later; other sources say he was executed by firing squad a few months after the Tiananmen Square protests. In Red China Blues: My Long March from Mao to Now, Jan Wong writes that she believes from her interactions with the government press that they have 'no idea who he was either,' and that he's still alive, hiding in mainland China. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; The government of the People's Republic of China has made few statements about the incident or the people involved. In a 1990 interview with Barbara Walters, then-CPC General Secretary Jiang Zemin was asked what became of the man. Jiang first stated (through an interpreter), 'I can't confirm whether this young man you mentioned was arrested or not,' and then replied in English, 'I think...never killed'. At the time, the party's propaganda apparatus referred to the incident as showing the 'humanity' of the country's military.
Is it a rule to have this pasted somewhere for easy access?	Always
With penis in hand.	ewwww, dad...that's gross
Nope. Queensland, Australia.	Ok phew, I was thinking what are the odds...
Well that's the thing, if you look closely it does appear out of thin air in the bowl.	shit! iv'e been blind giffing again.
oh god whaaaat is happening right now	join in newlinechar 
That's part of a stronghold. Get an eye of ender and you should be able to find the end portal near that. 	I think he trying to point out that there was cobblestone in the shape of a bookcase.
Were you still able to shake Barry Sanders hand?	No. He never came over to the injury tent for those of us that got hurt. My girlfriend however personally was handed a copy of the game from him.
I'm so sorry for your loss :(	Thank you
[](/lunasocks)*Luna hums softy as she places the two ponies in her care on their respective beds, and returns to see Jet Stream struggling.* newlinechar  newlinechar Jet Stream, are you having a hard time with Rarity? newlinechar  newlinechar [](/sp) newlinechar  newlinechar [](/ccwat-i) She wriggles! newlinechar  newlinechar Every time I try to pick her up, she rolls away!	*Pinkie returns to the main room to see Jet Stream struggling to carry Rarity. She giggles.* newlinechar [](/sp) newlinechar [](/ppawesome) Having troubles, Jet Stream? Rarity can be a frustrating marshmallow. *Pinkie grunts as she throws Rarity onto her back.* Um...which rooms are still empty?
This was from one of the top Google search results I found: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Take one denomination of card from the deck for each player. Eg. If there are 5 players, take the Aces, Kings, Queens, Jacks, and 10's from the deck. If there are 12 players, use the whole deck. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Get a spoon for every player except one. Eg. if there are 6 players, get 5 spoons. Place the spoons on the table. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Deal out all of the cards. Everyone picks up their cards, and then the dealer starts calling 'Pass!'. When s/he says pass, each player must take one card from their hand and pass it to the left. The dealer can also say 'Pass right' or whatever. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;It works best if the dealer calls this every 3-4 seconds, so no one really has a chance to relax with their cards. This continues until someone gets four-of-a-kind, and then that player grabs a spoon and puts down their cards. All the other players then have to grab for a spoon, the loser being the one left out. If two players grab a spoon and neither lets go, the one holding the large end wins. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Loser must drink to pre-defined rules. Suggested rules are drinking for the number of seconds as the denomination of the winning 4-of-a-kind, or else polishing off their whole drink. newlinechar  newlinechar Here's an alternate source of information: newlinechar  newlinechar http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spoons	Every three-to-four seconds?  Try three to four times per second (as fast as the dealer can say 'pass') - that's how games always end up in my experience. newlinechar  newlinechar It gets crazy.  And crazy violent.  Loads of fun, even despite the fist I once had in my face while trying to grab the last straw...
I really expected that to move	What are you talking about? That gif is hilarious!
I'm indifferent.	Not a mutual feeling. 
It wasn't complete sentences or anything. It was me reacting and in that second knowing what the possible outcomes where. It went something like: newlinechar  newlinechar 'FUCK, Danny!' *slam on gas pedal* newlinechar  newlinechar  *  That car is going to hit Danny's door dead on, he could be hurt. I need to move the car forward enough so his door wont be hit. I should accelerate.  newlinechar  newlinechar *Guy slams into the rear passenger side of my car, screaming ensues and my car pops the curb from the force* newlinechar  newlinechar 'POLE, LEFT' *swerve*  newlinechar  newlinechar * I am going to hit the telephone pole if I do nothing and just brace myself. I wont be able to fully make it if I try to go right and accelerate, I have to turn left or I will hit it. Danny and I could get hurt.  newlinechar  newlinechar 'FUCK! CARS!' *Swerve. Brakes*  newlinechar  newlinechar * I over corrected. I am going to hit the cars in the lane. They are all looking at me, oh fuck, please don't let me hit them. I need to turn and slam on my brakes newlinechar  newlinechar 'Danny, Driver, Cars' newlinechar  newlinechar * Is Danny okay? He's not bleeding or holding anything in pain, he's staring at me. Good, he's fine. Is the driver behind me okay? He has front end damage. He's moving and looking around. Good, he's okay. Did I manage to avoid the cars? Not a scratch. I am all clear to take in the moment. The car is damaged. Dad is going to kill me. We could have gotten hurt. oh god... newlinechar  newlinechar *Cover my face with my hands and sob uncontrollably*	I'd feel safe if you were driving me around 
What does your S key do? Isn't that just looking down?	Boom.
They are trying to make it harder to vote, and easier to own a gun.  Am I missing something, or is this backwards?	The first issue is stupid, but as an owner of a Concealed Carry in another state, this makes a lot of sense. Gun laws are pretty black and white: newlinechar  newlinechar Don't carry them to court, school, church, or anyplace that sells booze. newlinechar Do not shoot anything that does not threaten your life or the life of another. newlinechar Do not point your gun at anything you aren't willing to destroy. newlinechar  newlinechar The actual practice and safety of using a firearm is a totally different skill, more akin to long distance running: unless you practice it every day, you forget and get rusty. More time on the range is better at preventing injuries and deaths from law abiding concealed carry holders.
Sorry, the problems that I describe are fundamentally agnostic to the content of the articles. Again, editorializing produces implications that are not supported by sources, because it introduces subjectivity. This is basic journalism. I'm not sure how to explain this concept any more concisely. newlinechar  newlinechar On the second point, you are simply incorrect, because: 'Headline: a heading at the top of an article **or page** in a newspaper or magazine: *a front-page headline*.' Other newspapers use multi-article headlines too, this is not a special case. Headlines are used to convey information, and it not unusual for media to use sensational headlines that don't reflect the actual journalism or authorship. 	thats neither at the top of the article nor the page and the economist editorializes all the time. theyre a paper with opinions and they do not report ting from a neutral pov.  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Am I reading to much into it...? newlinechar  newlinechar yup
What was it? I can't see it on mobile :-(	&gt;heylookitsdavid: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;I wonder if it's just for the sake of the song or if she actually takes it in the rear lmao newlinechar  newlinechar . newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Becca Brown: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;both
I agree. He basically avoided hitting a car by hitting another car instead. If I was Pastrana, I wouldn't be too happy with him.	If I was Pastrana I'd have spun him out weeks ago
A non-theocracy knights would no longer be The Knights, no? 	Probably. newlinechar  newlinechar Changing from them in general. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm playing as Salzburg right this moment and it's proving difficult. newlinechar  newlinechar Take over Austria? No problem. Fight against numerous people I've pissed off? No problem. Forge alliances with other states? No problem. Change system of government? Fuck you.
Take the bus. 204 to be exact. So metro Lionel Groulx, outside take the 211 and get off Dorval Circle and there take the 204. That will leave you behind the airport. No need to walk from the airport which is a bit far away. newlinechar  newlinechar Tip: if you need to go directly to airport, take the 747 bus from Lionel Groulx.	I'm thinking that this would be best. Take transit there and a cab back 
Then fuck yeah!  Get shitty! newlinechar 	Getting shitty before a hair appointment. All sorts of champion.
Things like this lose humor due to a huge ~~loss of~~ inaccuracy.  Black people have been here for many more generations and the circumstances are much different. newlinechar  newlinechar edit: wording and spelling	The circumstances really aren't too different. The Asians were essentially slaves to the railroad companies, and, like blacks, were viewed as lesser people because of their races. The only difference is that the Asians built up faster, and in fewer generations.
That's too bad... This place sucks a whole lot.	Oh you have no idea how much I hear about it. I know you guys got rocketed the other night around 10-11pm but that happens regularly. They're only contractors though. 
There is never a wrong time for the right arm of the free world. 	They are also a pretty straightforward build.  More involved than assembling an AR, but less than an AK with a homemade receiver.
Aftermath: Log in on alt, get 5v1ed when I ask for 1v1 and they said'yes'	What do u expect? -.-
What does that even mean?	Around World War One the Ottoman Empire was steadily collapsing and often referred to as the 'sick man of Europe' because around World War One people were inclined to come up with tedious nicknames for things. He is suggesting that the gaunt fellow on the Ottoman looks sickly. It isn't particularly funny but it isn't bizarre. 
K processors are not only overclockable but at a stock level faster than their non-K counterparts. If the price difference isn't too much between the K and the non-K (it's like $20) for that i5 you might as well get it. (It will make that 3-years thing a bit smoother again as you can just ramp an overclock a bit - CPU overclocking is very straight forward, you can get a pretty decent boost with minimal effort). newlinechar  newlinechar And a Z board wouldn't hurt either. Do you need a micro or a mini ATX specifically? [If I may suggest a micro...](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/asrock-motherboard-z87mextreme4) newlinechar  newlinechar You'll likely never find four RAM slots on a mini-ATX. That micro has 4 slots and supports up to DDR-2800. newlinechar  newlinechar [Consider this case to go with it maybe.](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/cooler-master-case-nse200kkn1) newlinechar  newlinechar Food for thought.	I prefer a mini with the cases and space I am looking at. The only case that meets all my parameters and goes big enough for a micro or larger is the Node 605, which is basically a small tower meant to lay on it's side and look like a piece of stereo equipment. It runs ~160 tho before adding to it.   newlinechar  newlinechar I think if the prices are within a few bucks of each other I will go with the -K processor and the Z- motherboard. Basic low-profile RAM does well for me for now. I'm just trying to decide on 2x4, which is all I will 'need' for now, or 2x8, which will probably go longer and better before needing to be replaced, especially if I get into rendering more. Leaning toward the latter.   newlinechar  newlinechar I don't need to go for four slots of RAM.
Sorry to hear that. I hope they get to that soon...	Well I think it's a coding issue. But then again how many people are going to be above 400 ping on a regular basis? I think it was a deficiency in their planning, an oversight. But it sure bugs the crap out of me not being able to hit a light 90% of the time only to have him chew me up in a minute.
Nope... Fazioli is the only other company that does, and they're generally more expensive.   newlinechar You can transpose / shift octave on digital pianos, but I've never heard a good sample of a note that low. 	Even if the sample is perfect, very few speakers could reproduce that fundamental very well, without introducing harmonics that ruin the timbre.
The Economist's primary purpose is not to provide financial journalism but rather to bring a neo-liberal voice to the discussion of political economy. Yes, finance certainly is an increasingly large part of the economy, but the Economist has a much broader vision than the performance of assets. Something would be amiss if they *didn't* have a substantive story on Assad.	Exactly.  Their MO is that they provide the (usually) best positions for each side, and solidly take the stance that they consider the best, even while recognizing that there may not be a definitively best stance. The decision they make is also not necessarily the best in retrospect (e.g. on the Iraq war, which the openly admit they chose wrongly by taking the position of being for war), but the decision that, given the evidence at hand, appears to be the best. newlinechar 
*Is it* a lot?	If you're near/in it, quite. 
Its just larger labia minora. It is really common.	nothing wrong with larger labia minora, but the piercings make it look strange. 
thank for the link, i saved it for later.	Good stuff.
Why are both of those cards so big?	FFL decided players like bigger cards.
Jesus man! How are you still alive?!	Well, the OxyContin and methadone would slow my heart enough when the nicotine and cocaine sped it up too much so I guess that's how. Balance. 
I think he's trying to justify his anger by claiming reddit is incredibly racist.	Yeah that sounds about right 
[](/omnom) It must have been expensive as fuck	I'm sure rights to use the parking garage alone was hella expensive!
I think it is reasonable to omit the outliers.	Just saying. The words 'Homophobe' and 'Christian' are not synonymous. newlinechar  newlinechar You're effectively antagonising a large group of largely non-bigoted people. There are Muslims who hate gays, atheists who hate gays, etc.
People literally use literally in a literally figurative meaning in the real world, too.	[](/celestimad)ROAR I WILL EAT THEIR SKIN HOW DARE THEY NOT COMMUNICATE LIKE I DO.
You'll all adapt together. Make good friends with your bunkie and learn how to make your rack quickly. Don't try to be the guide until later, and learn to eat fast without choking. Drink a canteen of water before lights out so you wake up during the night and can change socks, tidy your footlocker, write letters, etc. 	Thanks again for the tips, anything else I should know?
I would say so 	I think he's drunk and passing out from heat exhaustion at the same time. 
The AE pair won't be $350 in shell, closer to $600. At that price point the $60 difference between AE and Alden makes it less about value and more about which shoe you truly want. I would not make a decision until you can try on both.	I assume OP is buying 2nds from AE which start around $350 for shell.
'so-shull'	Heh yeah, that's dangerously close to 'soshol'. Glad I and everyone I've ever known isn't saying it wrong.
I reckon RV is like me. They are all special in their own ways and as such I have many many favorites for many many reasons. Its strange, I have 5 different types of soda in my fridge and one of them is my favorite, I reach for it every time, I cant manage to categorize my razors like that.	There definitely seems to be something special about each one. I've even got a couple in with patch tape at the wedge that I refuse to remove cause I like the added character. 
What app are you using?	Reddit is fun
I mean, I'm down for a 1v1v1 free for all if you want, or a 1v1, either is fine, I'd just like to play	Join in bro newlinechar 
I refuse to live with fat roommates because they are often a huge mess, lay on the couch all the time, smell bad and are generally bad roommates.	As a fat person, I refuse to live with other overweight roommates as well. Every fat person I have ever encountered has been lazy, messy, slobby, and inconsiderate to other people. Even I have my moments.  newlinechar  newlinechar Luckily living with skinny roommates makes me feel awkward enough not to do said things constantly, so I'm being broken out of the habit.
Lets not forget the Tim Burton batman movies. 	yup those too.  And the Christopher Reeves Superman movies did pretty well too.
I'd like to imagine that not all members of a certain race are scum bags. I'd hope that the player choices will either break the stereotypes, or perpetuate them.	What does being scum bags have to do with it? I don't see the Qunari as scum bags at all, and that has nothing to do with why they don't work well as the PC. newlinechar  newlinechar If the lead writer behind the game and the lore of Qunari has said before he doesn't think they fit with being a PC or Romance option based on what hes writen, and has now changed that, I think thats telling about the situation. newlinechar  newlinechar I am not judging entirely yet, but I am now skeptical about the game more that I was before. I actually enjoyed DA2 and have been looking forward to DA:I quite a bit, and this is the first thing that has given me pause.
Yea true, the other ones are full of gutter rats, plus they don't squat.	I walked to the one on west navy once, can't remember the name, it was close to my apartment. Kinda right over the bridge across from the car dealership and circle k. The chicks were so nasty.
'Damn good orders'	Octavion: The Greek philosophers have much to teach us. newlinechar  newlinechar *Attia whacks Greek slave across the head* newlinechar  newlinechar Attia: There's a Greek philosopher for you.
I HATE GAME GRUMPS!	Don't we all?
Good ol' Kumamon.  That's his name for anyone wondering. xD	Looks like half a [Monokuma](http://www.anime-planet.com/images/characters/monokuma_51693.jpg).
We don't get sunshine here in Ireland. I assume that's the joke because this summer has been good. Sunny and no rain. Sometime it hit 25/6 degree Celsius. 	It was hitting 27^o daily for about a week or two, getting up past 30^o more inland. I'm still tanned from the thing and I spent the entire time hiding from it
I asked the good folks developing Project M about it back before 2.6 was released, and I was told that 'the technology just isn't there right now.' Considering all the stuff they've done with assembly, I'm inclined to trust them, but that doesn't mean it's impossible. If you can crack it, your name will be sung throughout the ages.	Ahh, that's too bad. I'll still poke around just because i'm curious though :D.
The language. I don't think your boss would appreciate it if you were reading something that had to do with 'sex' or 'orgasm' while on the clock. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Spelling.	What's wrong with organisms?
I may have done the same when they made me a TC mod. :D	Woot! High, squealy 5s!!
Well the Audi is 4,800. 	Ahh yes I didn't take into account you're probably American? Audi all the way then.
So how did you approach the rape? 	That was **NEVER** proven! newlinechar  newlinechar They could only fire me they could not press charges!
Couldn't you have erased her name? Or was it written in pen?	It was a printed sheet of names, so I wasn't able to erase it. Although my roommate once wrote 'sucks dick' next to her name before I got the sheet. I erased that. Haha. 
Oh hell yeah they would.  You mean someone with no opiate tolerance whatsoever?  They would die from 50 ug an hr.  when they give Fent to non opiate ppl in the hospital they administer it IV in very very very small amounts.  Fent is dangerous as fuck, strongest opiate there is because it's active in Mcgs and everything else is Mgs.  Lots of ppl OD from Fent man.  Especially when they abuse it by shooting, snorting, smoking, or checking it.  	there are stronger opiates than fent but they only use them on elephants, sperm whales, and as a chemical weapon.
Adorable, I the pictures! Thank you for sharing! 	I'm glad you like them (:
Dartcraft is in no way as innovative as TinkersConstruct. It's like comparing some 5th class football club with FC Bayern Munich... newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Meaning TC is way more enjoyable than Dartcraft, at least from my point of view.	It may not be, but for now it makes a very strong early game. When dartcraft tools can be made easier than TiC ones and offer similar functionalities (lumberjack, area mining) most people will use Dartcraft over TiC. As a big fan of TiC, I really wish it would offer something that Dartcraft does not have, so more people would reconsider their metagame :P
No he went I drafted in 2011 newlinechar He might not wanted to have risked another team grabbing him off the practice squad either. 	Really? Damn, I thought he was a rookie
Bahaha! They already get too many snuggles from the kids!	Never too many snuggles! Especially that little nugget in the front. :3
I agree, and will admit that I thought it was just going to be some cheesy 90 minute advertisement for her career, intended entirely for people who were already fans of hers.  newlinechar  newlinechar It's actually quite honest and it covers things like her breakup from Russel Brand and other personal problems.  newlinechar  newlinechar It's at a 77% on Rotten, if that means anything. 	Though I trust RT on most reviewed movies, and i haven't seen the Katy Perry movie. That [One Direction](http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/this_is_us/) movie is at a 68%, so i don't know if i can trust it on pop singer documentaries.  
I make a black tea black coffee mixture that uses multiple brewing stages that I call Devil's Piss. newlinechar  newlinechar It will wake you up; from the dead if it has to.	Fuck, bro.  You're a culinary daredevil.  Might want to wear helmet with that shit.
Scumbag Woong.	woong fucker
Its gonna be hard having to hate that guy now.	'We had a good run, Pat. But I'm contractually obligated to hate you now…'
The very end credit screen is in Russian newlinechar  newlinechar edit: otherwise it's normal snake	pshhh that's disappointing 
Obviously it ended up being something more specific, but I have to say, I never expected to see a post about somebody having trouble finding beer, in r/Portland.	Especially when it's some generic swill like Leinie's
I can't find the stream :(	http://firstrowus1.eu/watch/204737/3/watch-kentucky-vs-western-kentucky.html newlinechar  newlinechar Click Link 3. 
'Not read it I heard about it from a friend. I'm not sure if actually does. But it does affect your mood and behavior because of bad sleep quality.' -Earlier comment by me	Yeah thanks. I'm pretty sure lucid dreaming doesn't lead to brain damage, that's kind of ridiculous. Can definitely lead to sleep loss and mood changes though, like you said. :)
Well, technically mooching off friends and family *does* count as living without money :)	Sadly, I know too many people like this.
I'm here live, good to be hanging with you guys tonight	Nice man!!! We expect an obligatory panorama photo of the track! :P
I'm just sick of hearing it.  It's been beaten to death, brought back to life and then beaten to death again. Plus it is an inaccurate descriptor solely created for the purpose of being a catchphrase. I fucking hate catchphrases, especially played out ones and Pipebomb definitely falls in to that category.   newlinechar    newlinechar I feel like I made a decent argument and I'm pretty positive that any heat that's coming my way will be more based on 'He said something bad about CM Punk. Get him!' than anything else. It happened when I said something about The Shield so you'd think I would have learned my lesson. Unfortunately, I'm a natural dissenter. It's in my genes.	It's quite easy to dismiss people who disagree with you ahead of time by making up excuses for why they disagree with you before it's even happened. newlinechar  newlinechar I doubt anyone who thinks this is a silly thing to be upset about cares one way or the other about CM Punk. It's just a silly thing to be upset about. newlinechar  newlinechar But if you want to pretend it's just that you're the only sane person in a room full of marks, you're free to do that too. Me, I'm going to turn up the volume on my SOUND GRENADES and listen to some spoken word beat poetry! (Anyone who calls it rap is such a Sugarhill Gang mark.)
that's racist.	[Zwarte Piet](http://i.huffpost.com/gen/892226/thumbs/s-ZWARTE-PIET-large640.jpg?5) is racist? I don't see it.
I have a theory that Cosmo is just trying to stop the unintelligent from reproducing.	It is scary how accurate that could be
That doesn't really help anything you know? It would still clog the front page of this subreddit, so I figured I would just point it out as it happened. 	This thread needs more about Daniel Bryan, how he will win the championship at Wrestlemania 30 and how everyone would book him in the long term. I swear if I see another one of those threads, I will do everything within my power to turn the poster's computer into a pile of ash.
That's what Call of Duty teaches us.  Past 10 feet it's worthless, right?	I mean this is a home/self defense weapon. Not a sporting shotgun. It's made to shot the guy across the hall, not game. Complaining that a short barreled shotgun is ONLY good for close range is like saying a car is ONLY good for driving. It's what is was designed to do.
'The President shall be commander in chief of the Army and Navy of the United States, and of the militia of the several states, when called into the actual service of the United States' newlinechar  newlinechar The President can command troops to anywhere on the planet he'd like. newlinechar  newlinechar If we're talking about checks and balances stuff, find me the part of the Constitution that limits the powers of Commander-in-Chief to require Congressional preauthorization.	That doesn't mean he has the sole authority to take us to war against another nation.  That authority lies Only with Congress.  Read the federal mandate, Article 1 Section 8.  An attack on a nations military is an act of war that cannot be taken by the President.  Maybe read a bit about what Jefferson has to say on the matter from our intervention in Tripoli. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Jefferson sent a small force to the area to protect American ships and citizens against potential aggression, but insisted that he was **'unauthorized by the Constitution**, without the sanction of Congress, to go beyond the line of defense. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Although Congress never voted on a formal declaration of war, they did authorize the President to instruct the commanders of armed American vessels to seize all vessels and goods of the Pasha of Tripoli newlinechar  newlinechar Also Article 1, Section 8.  Congress has the authority to declare war.  Not the President. newlinechar  newlinechar Show me where the President gets the authority to take this nation to war?
Yeah I do that too,  I hate it when they keep cutting in the gap and I get slower and slower and end up going backwards to maintain the gap 	Yeah, I feel like driving here takes some years off my life. 
So you're saying it's not fast and cheap? And doesn't taste nice?	It's *usually* pretty fast, but it's not less expensive than real food and it doesn't taste nice, no.
Are we really having a Northwest back roads thread? 	[We are now!](http://cospowerlines.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/boundary-dam-autumn.jpg)
I just don't watch Game of Thrones. I got like halfway through the first episode, and was like uh... is this a tv show or a fucking porno?... 	and then you switched it off?
The biggest number 1 in the game	I just showed my wife his Rivals page. newlinechar  newlinechar She didn't know Rivals existed and I think she's going through the whole team now. Also, field goal is good!
I don't feel bad that I'm laughing at this.	I know, I had a small laughing fit actually. It caught me very much by surprise!
OH GOD SO CUTE WHERE DID THIS COME FROM	It's from the Japanese show called Pokémon Smash, it aired about an hour ago. [Here's the clip. The audio was several minutes off sync during the stream, so you might as well ignore it.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohmOZ4OiSYA)
Wildturtle went wild. Good wild, no over the wall flashes into their bases.	his focus was amazing, the mid-fight-caitlyn-ults but also autoattack, especially in the baron fight in game 2 (and many others aswell tbh)
all you need to know is ANDERS OSBORNE	Yeah he is awesome!
I did see it, I'm not sure exactly what he meant though. What I assume it means is that instead of writing something like  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;'breve.herewego'  newlinechar  newlinechar I should be writing it along the lines of newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;'It's a breve' newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Herewego.gif newlinechar  newlinechar I was merely unaware that there were strict rules for greentexting	There aren't really. Just quality improvements. It would work better the second way. Despite many stories to the contrary. I know, it does get confusing.
:) I guess that is ambitious.  I was just hoping to introduce them to coding, not actually teach them a whole ton.  Maybe just spark an interest that will lead them to pursue it on their own.   newlinechar  newlinechar In terms of a project, I was thinking about just having them create a simple game.  Guessing numbers or something.  I know it would have to be very basic. newlinechar  newlinechar Yes, these kids are about 12 and will only do this project by choice, so they should already have some interest in it.	A 'Guess The Number' game would indeed be possible for them to make in that time frame. By 'fun' I thought you meant something graphical with animations and stuff. ;) newlinechar  newlinechar Here's an example of a simple 'Guess The Number' game: http://inventwithpython.com/chapter4.html newlinechar  newlinechar and even this example isn't perfect (it's got room for improvement - some are more obvious than others). Good thing about it though: if you chose to pick a different language for whatever reason, you could still use this as pseudo code.  newlinechar  newlinechar Hangman is also an idea for those ambitious ones wanting to impress their teacher. ;) The major differences here would be to keep track of score, used letters, correct letters and checking whether or not a letter is used in the word that is found in a word list (either 'hard coded' into the program code itself, or by loading the information from a text file - another topic to cover, if you so desire) as well as optional UI and ASCII art in the terminal. Hangman is definitely harder to do than guessing numbers, but nonetheless it shouldn't be completely impossible for an ambitious student. 
Da fuq? Super CD's! Now, if only they could make them scratch proof... I mean, I still wouldn't buy them, but... innovation!	If only such a thing existed around 10 years ago so then all of our gamecube discs could still be playable.
Likewise. Semper Fi, Mac.	Rah. 
I'll try it tomorrow and have Lewis take a picture. Because it'll involve me having the laptop on the table, and me awkwardly underneath the table trying to click the shutter button...oh dear.	The picture of this in my head is hilarious and adorable. 
Why is Gray not practice eligible?	he is I just forgot to tag him.
I feel like we need to find a good cb who can win balls in the air, because I'm really tired of seeing other teams score on us on corners and free kicks from funny angles. That being said I think we should try to get someone like Clarence Goodson or Omar Gonzalez. They're both national team regulars for the U.S. and they're both good in the air with good height (I think they're both around 6'4' or so). And they both currently play in MLS which means we could probably get them pretty cheap. 	Goodson is absolutely not good enough and never will be. Omar Gonzales is not ready for this level of competition.
[](/pretzelnom) I'm all about true clop but that's one of the few anthros i like	I can't say I'm a big fan of true clop but I do find some pics I like from time to time.
~~I don't insult~~ wow, you guys downvoted that?  Well jeeze, i meant to say i don't NEED to insult.  if i need to insult someone i know i'm worth more than them anyway.  I may be a hippy, the doctor hasn't sent back the test results tho.	Judging by this comment you seem more like the star of a polo team at an ivy-league college more than a hippy. 
Thanks for the answer. So it's kinda like a union-type issue thing for him? 	He doesn't support mediarising sports.
It was in Seattle.  It was a homeless shelter where the residents didn't have to be clean. newlinechar  newlinechar They could have their alcohol given to them in certain amounts, or just control it themselves.  There was no medical supervision either way. newlinechar  newlinechar Here's the [article](http://www.npr.org/blogs/health/2012/01/19/145477493/a-permanent-home-that-allows-drinking-helps-homeless-drink-less).   newlinechar  newlinechar The only gripe I had with the whole thing was the place had nicer amenities than most section 8 housing in Seattle.  I'm NOT saying alcoholics don't 'deserve' it or anything like that, just saying that someone that is working minimum wage at Wal-Mart and getting help from the government is getting shittier housing and I don't really think that's fair.	memory success.
He was wasn't getting caught.  When a team has Ahri, the support is the easiest and primary target especially a Sona, in the OGN finals last night this is exactly what SKTT1 did against KTB.	Oh ok sorry nvm then. lol
At least in the second game vs CLG they got every single one. Though imo CLG could have contested it a lot better.	CS &gt; objectives,always for CLG
Momentum? I'll give you that. Credibility? No.	On the contrary their momentum can only be attributed to their undeniable credibility.
Tatar, too!	I worry about Tatar. He's a great player, and a good leader, but I think he might be full of himself. When he requested a trade because he didn't want to go through the Red wing's long developmental system, he put himself before the team. I could see him being traded this season for a top D-man, or him demanding too much money for future contracts and us letting him walk.
Anything you can find with no clip?	Not that I saw, but I wasn't thorough. newlinechar  newlinechar I tried no-clipping into the escape pod. It's not solid, so you can walk around in it. However, nothing happens, and mashing X doesn't do anything either.
ganja gives me good vibes no matter what mood im in.	Yeah man even when I'm in a totally shit mood herb just makes me feel like....all is right with the world.
Just turned four. And since he's the only boy in the class, he actually fits in just fine - except the teacher keeps forgetting and referred to the class as 'the girls' during their little recital thing, and then looked at me HORRIFIED that she'd just referred to my son as a girl. It was pretty funny. He knows he's a boy and as much as he likes 'girl stuff' he's totally in to 'boy stuff' too. He's very well-balanced that way. :-)	My daughter is 3 and in ballet and out of 20 kids there are no boys. Im sure more boys wish they could be in ballet so that is great you let him
[http://imgur.com/UEu5OTy](http://imgur.com/UEu5OTy)	http://imgur.com/knPMzKP
Is that your body?	I would assume so, But it's not $2 on Ebay!
Anyone know of any tests I can do myself to test the canter diff 	Center* stupid phone 
nice try, future serial killer	Chef :)
I prefer a mini with the cases and space I am looking at. The only case that meets all my parameters and goes big enough for a micro or larger is the Node 605, which is basically a small tower meant to lay on it's side and look like a piece of stereo equipment. It runs ~160 tho before adding to it.   newlinechar  newlinechar I think if the prices are within a few bucks of each other I will go with the -K processor and the Z- motherboard. Basic low-profile RAM does well for me for now. I'm just trying to decide on 2x4, which is all I will 'need' for now, or 2x8, which will probably go longer and better before needing to be replaced, especially if I get into rendering more. Leaning toward the latter.   newlinechar  newlinechar I don't need to go for four slots of RAM.	8 is fast becoming a mandatory amount of RAM for serious games. newlinechar  newlinechar Having 16 is future proof. DDR3 is dirt cheap. Go 16GB.
[Lucina?](http://images2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20121026204144/fireemblem/images/a/a1/Lucina_official_art.jpg)	Fire Emblem &lt;3
Where did you go?	Peek-a-boo!
You might die of thirst tonight. 	I'm about to get ice water.
Yes, that is correct, yet it is for GTA Online, as you have correctly stated, so it's not going to be the same thing. Yet, I am not complaining at all and can't wait for them to! newlinechar  newlinechar Also, why are you getting downvoted when you are absolutely correct? newlinechar  newlinechar Leslie Benzies told the GTA 5 Oclock guys that their ultimate goal is to have the whole world recreated, and that they have a lot of past art and locations they want to introduce.	Yup, I'm really excited about what will happen to GTA Online in the next 5 years pr so untill there is a new GTa game. newlinechar I don't understand the downvotes, I even linked the CVG interview to the people who asked about it. Doesn't matter.
Did this on my Pally for all the quest items back during BC or something... Took forever but it was totally doable...	did the same on my pally back in wrath, took me like 2 hours to get through ragefire chasm as a lvl 12 paladin and it was not worth it at all :D
The Arbor Day Foundation newlinechar  newlinechar 100 Arbor Avenue newlinechar  newlinechar Nebraska City, NE 68410	Well shit.  Looks like I'm founding the Christmas foundation, and bringing Christmas to Delaware.
It just sucks not being able to put up a fight against a team that we might play against in the playoffs.	I can dig it. If you want to make sure you don't have to face us again, though, you could just throw the rest of the season. newlinechar  newlinechar ^^^notreallybutokay
Wow, such Illuminati 	hey can you grab that chalk and draw a sniper rifle on the wall so i can turn it into a real gun?
Oh shit you made this yourself? It's very crisp and aesthetically pleasing holy shit great job 	Now you know my name! Thanks!
DM;SB	Is that doesn't matter; Steve Blass? newlinechar  newlinechar OR newlinechar  newlinechar Doesn't matter; side boob?
That's fine. If you think you can change this country with your vote then I look forward to it. 	  It is the only thing that can. That and being active in politics. but i doubt you will do that either.
Now that's a good tuck ;)	Haha I admit I did have to do some tucking. Can't share everything at once.
Our God has nothing to say that hasn't been said, praise be to him, for he is 3L33t	Would you not want advice from Itachi-sama-sempai-kun on how to live a proper life? Ask what kami-san would do in certain situations ~~such as whether he'd rather fight 100 pakura-sized Jewbito's or one Jewbito-sized pakura~~ ?
Must be a british cat....That doesnt mean peace over there	Yes it does.
Arsenal!	Flamini and Sanogo &gt; Varela
So all you have to do to reproduce an extremely hot, long-lasting, and enormously large-scale event is create an extremely cold, short-term, incredibly small-scale event? Sounds perfectly intuitive to me.	How do they even know it is a valid simulation?
Well, shes not bad looking. She was damn good looking in office space.	She's twice you age! newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar (she's kinda hot, though)
You should've just replied with 'Yes.'	My favorite way to confirm that I am, in fact, a smartass.
What do you mean by United have been a joke? Being serious, ignore the flair. 	I think that every time moyes has opened his mouth he's sounded like a dick  newlinechar  newlinechar EG the fixture list  newlinechar  newlinechar Signing players   newlinechar  newlinechar That Rooney was backup to RVP ( I know he didn't mean it like that but be careful what you say )  newlinechar  newlinechar That he would have let Fellini and baines leave when he was Everton boss  newlinechar  newlinechar And no one at the press dept has gone woah woah think before you speak , I just think they have been poor at getting their points across to the media Moyes in particular . newlinechar  newlinechar Nothing against them just not very professional but as I say just my thoughts. newlinechar  newlinechar And new people new ways I suppose 
&gt; It is also possible to get banned by Tribunal for games happened half a year earlier or more in some cases. It's kinda fkd up newlinechar  newlinechar If you're in the Tribunal you already have a long standing pattern of toxic behavior.	Unless you're in bronze/silver, people report for all sorts of stupid reasons..   
Winnie the Pooh porn isn't too far. It's where all of our journeys start.	Mine started with... fucking hell, I have no idea. newlinechar  newlinechar Most likely pokemon. Trainers, obvi.
&gt;I can't see why a spaceship that requires awareness from all angles severely limits that ability with blind spots. newlinechar  newlinechar Because it is a game and not real life. This is a subtle balancing measure in regards to design. A lot of games feature machines that swap out visibility for some other characteristic. As it is, the Freelancer is absurdly powerful for what it is and doesn't need any further help. I am not saying I wouldn't like a more open cockpit (I own one), I am just saying that for all of its power and apparent straight line speed, the Freelancer doesn't need to be the end all be all of ships in that category. 	Removing the pillar that sits directly in front of the pilot's face isn't going to make it OP. Neither will giving the pilot/copilot a little more ability to track vertically.
Well ... I'm black . 	Wow. Would've never guessed.
Hm, never heard of it and couldn't make a connection between hum and penis, blowjob, etc. 	Well don't quote me on this, but I *think* the 'hum' refers to the sounds the blower makes while their mouth is full. 
Its the equality dogma. The ends justifies their means. In their minds their open mindedness was accepting Marxism basically. Their enlightenment. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Vague never ending goals like 'end racism'  'end white privilege' 'smash patriarchy' newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar All of which includes condemning opposing views on more implementation of Marxist policy.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Because us National Socialists are running the system oppressing them in their world.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 'Bush is a Nazi!' newlinechar  newlinechar 'Obama is a Nazi!' newlinechar  newlinechar They need their own real life experiences to confront their delusions. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Hah! I completely agree! I love how people can even compare Obama to Hitler when Obama wasn't able to lead a revival in a nations people and bring his country out of debt. Obama nor any other leader of the century shows as much love for it's people than he did. It's because national socialists are always associated with racist people and anything favouring National Socialism is automatically hate speech. Liberal far leftists make me so sick. newlinechar 
They aren't accepting of trans people.  Yes, if you happen to be straight, you get the splashover benefits.  Gay and lesbian trans people are still SOL. newlinechar  newlinechar But the real victims here are the cis gay (and lesbian?) people forced to essentially become trans, without hope of being able to go back.	Which is what I was saying.  newlinechar  newlinechar They are behind a lot of places on being trans, though they are accepting of straight trans people.  newlinechar  newlinechar The forced transition of cis l/g people is disgusting.
Join in bro newlinechar 	trying to, so far it just says 'brawling' but the join option is unavailable newlinechar  newlinechar edit: are you 'kajin'?
I may get downvoted for this but I'm here for the upvotes. 	Came here to say this. newlinechar  newlinechar --- newlinechar ^This ^is ^an ^automated ^response. ^I ^try ^to ^learn ^how ^to ^circlejerk ^from ^other ^posts.
I can just imagine you squatting over the toilet with your hand underneath your ass while beads of sweat roll over your face, twisted with struggle. newlinechar 	Yup. and then I have a rule where after 3 wipes, I flush the toilet because it has overflown on me twice in the college dorms and that feeling when your pants are to your ankles with a dirty asshole and water overflowing is the worst.  newlinechar  newlinechar The flushing thing makes me sweat more because of the work.
...leaving your mouth with two neat rows of holes.  Irregularly shaped, smoothly curving in with soft tissue inside, right there around your tongue.  You'd never be able to stop poking at them, but always around the edges, never quite able to feel the center depth of it.	:'( why....
&gt;One system of bra size labeling (I think European?) has a 'built-in' plus four.  newlinechar &gt; newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Thank you! That is exactly what I was asking here: newlinechar &gt;&gt;I guess what I'm asking is why is there not vanity sizing? newlinechar  newlinechar So I guess the answer is that they do! So just to make sure I understand the system, a girl that measures 70cm will buy a bra that says 70cm, but the bra will actually be 70cm + 4 inches (because I can't math.)? newlinechar  newlinechar So my question is, how does this affect correct sizing? With the built in plus four, does it still hold the same amount of volume as the equivalent 'correct' bra size? Like if I went to enter one of these 70cm bands into bratabase, would I enter it as 28 inches (the size it claims to be) or 32 inches (the real  size)? Does the 'built in +4' come from stretch in the bra, or does it measure 32  inches unstretched, and then actually stretches some more? 	Glad I could help! :)
If TSM had a mid laner who didn't whiff every skillshot, I think they might have a solid chance at worlds.	Wow, after Game 1 of this series people are *still* questioning Reginald's place on the team?
Product code has already been used :( . No one even commented. 	It's still allowing me to redeem it :/
It's fun to go out and have a few drinks with your friends, but god help you if you expect to practice at a top golf. It's way more expensive than a normal range, the Dallas one is always crowded, the balls are rocks, and you have to hit off mats.  	I haven't been but I figured as much.  The question was about if I owned a range, and honestly, I feel like the margins on this type of range would be far above a traditional range since it's more of a hangout spot.  I think it's a novel way to get people at least interested who would otherwise never set foot on a course.
Do you mind if I ask, why vice? 	No worries! Vice intrigues me because many police departments focus on sex trafficking, which is the part that interests me. San Diego PD, Seattle PD, and Miami PD are just a few police departments that have a vice unit used to combat sex trafficking rings specifically. 
You can though, plug a laptop into your TV	But then it isn't an app, it is a laptop plugged into a tv. Snap is used for apps.
Question: how long is he playing? At what hour does he shut off? 	He shuts off at midnight when the club closes. I got lucky this morning, I woke up and hoped on to find I had only 5 minutes left on my in-game clock till midnight so it was a mad dash to get there, haha
You aren't expelling smoke, just water vapor. Big difference.	.. No. Not water vapor, vaporized pig, VG, nicotine and flavors. Not just water vapor.
Not to be nit pickey but there are no amendments regarding the right to sodomy or uterine vaccuming.	Come on, get up to speed, this isn't the 18th century. Sodomy, where the hell did that word come from anyway?
[](/cutevinyl)I severely doubt that.	[](/ppexcite) well you're wrong
So OP used the same imgur link as the reposts?	http://www.reddit.com/r/mindcrack/comments/180y4h/if_you_go_to_352_62_197_in_ethos_lp_world_you/ newlinechar  newlinechar same link, same title, same poster. 
Sorry to be a dick, but it's Leslie*.	Fuck. And thanks. You're not a dick.
[](/notenoughbooks) 1,547 ostriches. 100 yards. 7 minutes 	Well then I would turn one of my hands into a button that would let me call in an airstrike on those motherfuckers, and the other hand into a button that would call in a helicopter so I could get the hell outta there before the airstrike comes in. 
[](/tsilikethis) Howdy there, You were that person I was talking to yesterday. How are you? newlinechar  newlinechar [](/twihmm) What time is it for you?	[](/dashheart)Hi again! I'm good, how are you doing? newlinechar  newlinechar It's nearly 2am, GMT and all that.
No, forbid it!  If we continue the conversation, the stupidity may rip a hole in the space time continum, and then where would we be!  Me oh my we might wind up in oz!	YAAAAY then we can ask the wizard for things! newlinechar  newlinechar Seriously though I'm just going to assume that you do in fact believe true gender equality should be brought to pass a move on. Let us part as friends (or at least not as direct enemies).
wh...who is the fast back?	Keith Marshall 
I'm in the middle of the inner city of a major urban area. Just about everything else is easily available.	Weird! Besides pot, those two are the most commonly used and sold substances in my area. Best of luck, MDMA is worth a find as I'm sure you're aware 
He ran all night and day. newlinechar 	Some say he's still running.
I'm shocked to see Clinton McDonald gone. They were high on him last season. 	He had a good pre season as well. I wonder if we're going to trade some of our Leo/Lb talent. Because we have a lot of players there.
I want to hunt you down and steal your books. newlinechar  newlinechar Ahem.  ::coughs::  what is the book?  Personal notes are a very common thing, so it's be nice to identify the origin of both the book and the handwriting.	The title of the book is grotii Epist ad Gallos. It's dated from 1648 and it's entirely in latin. As are the notes in the front. I honestly don't know much about the book at all, I'm hoping others will know. [This is what the spine looks like](www.imgur.com/h0jE685) and [this is what the pages of the book look like.](www.imgur.com/Ne3VT6T)
Can you explain what the hell this is instead of just saying 'here's a thing, use it. is there any problem with it?'	sorry. there is a mod called [Tropicraft](http://tropicraft.net/) that was recently updated to 1.5. this is version 1 of a config pack so it works with FTB Unleashed 1.1.3. when this is installed you should be able to use the mod with no problems
If I can further bubble your stew, it's also a mac class.  We're oppressing PCs too.	Well that's better, but I use Linux for full tilt oppression. 
Wouldn't a sports bra cover more surface of the tattoo than the normal bra? 	I'm a guy so I don't have that much knowledge when it comes to bras, but from what I've seen the crease goes right at the curve of the breast and that fabric is usually quite hard and abrasive. newlinechar  newlinechar I mean it's not uncommon to get indents in the skin from long term wear. newlinechar  newlinechar A sports bra will cover more, but it won't put heavy pressure directly on the tattoo. Also they're made of much more breathable material as I understand it.
Is there a way to move the game from my library into the inventory?	No. Once you have installed it that is it. Thank you anyway though.
The UFC complains about having too many guys on their roster and there isn't much talent over there. I doubt the UFC will take them. 	They have plenty of talent King Mo, Michael Chandler, Eddie Alverez, Alexander Shlemenko, Ben Askren, Pat Curran
holy shit	i should have said 'take her own life' and i'm still not happy with rhyming a word with itself but if it's good enough for the beastie boys and weezy it's good enough for me.
Saying that you nearly failed high school because you just 'forgot' about all the assignments, does not bode well for you. If you are aware of this problem, why not, uh, REMIND YOURSELF about them? When you get an assignment, write it down in a calendar or something... this is not a hard problem to solve, and the fact that you just lived with it and never took ANY steps to correct the problem, probably indicates you will do terribly in college.	Please point out where I said I nearly failed high school. I encourage you
More than I can count.	How many skittle-sized drops?
True, but they lost their 2012 QB and leading receiver from last year. They have a pretty good back in Antonio Andrews but a young defensive line that our offensive line should dominate.  newlinechar  newlinechar I don't wanna discount Western Kentucky in any way, and Petrino is a proven asset, but I think this is more Kentucky being Kentucy than it is anything else. Also keep in mind this is Mark Stoops' first year as a head coach ever so that's another unknown in that game.	All are great points.
With the molars	Grind em around a bit, too.
If you really want us to have a good season, then give us that bearded Spanish fella. Please :(.	Woah, Mata to Bradford would be insane. 
I wouldn't have him in my top 5. Shaq had some major durability issues and seemingly feuded with teammates and coaches wherever he went. Plus, he doesn't have the greatest track record of loyalty. I mean, his peak is definitely GOAT level but we have to look at their entire careers. I'm taking Jordan/LBJ/Kareem/Russ/Duncan/Hakeem over him to start a franchise. That's just me.	I think the point of this post was you're drafting players based on what we knew about them coming into their respective draft. We wouldn't know about Shaq's durability or teammate feuds when drafting him. 
This is correct. I don't know why it has so few points.	Eh it's reddit.  You learn to roll with it after a while I guess.  Helpful comment?  2 upvotes, 1 downvote.  Sex joke?  1238 upvotes, 3 downvotes.  As long as you don't take it personally and just move on it's all good.
I didn't know he was in Arizona this season. Weird.	Yeah we got him from them just a couple days before the season started.
we had never seen a bruise that big and the rate it grew shocked us. some people encouraged me to put i up, so i was just kinda like sure why the hell not.	Ah, makes sense. I guess I'm used to it, my cousin loves rock climbing, but is really clumsy.
Fleming is the more talkative of the two, he's incredibly (almost annoyingly after enough games) quiet but has very good input. He generally avoids homerism, and Balboa isn't so bad himself. Does KC not have announcers or what?	we have our own media company. MLS will get the commentary from their affiliated partners, which pretty much every other team is.
Try logging in using your email address and not origin id	No dice
haha yeah I got it now I was just a little rusty. Grade 11 math starts in 3 days for me. Grade 12 at the start of second semester ugh, so not looking forward to it	Eww. I'm rusty too, haha. Probably not a good thing for calculus. newlinechar  newlinechar Where are you that you do 'grades' for math?
Any reason for the mylar? Number 10s one of my favorites though.	I just got them from the store.  I also tend to keep all of my comics in it because of habit. 
Maybe you're right. I've been in that situation as well where I've slept with someone but didn't want to be in a relationship with them. In my case, though, it wasn't because I didn't want to be in a relationship at that time. It was just because I didn't want to be with that person for various reasons (like having to hang out with his obnoxious friends who were embarrassing in public). It does definitely depend on the individual and the situation.	Can't argue with that. I know I've had periods where I wasn't interested in a relationship, or where I couldn't handle it, so I imagine other people do as well. That said, I always feel cynical about the line, 'It's not you, it's me.' I tend to think it's kinda always you. But maybe I'm wrong on that.
Le this church gave women the right to receive communion.	Le this golf course gave blacks the right to tee off.
http://i.imgur.com/ToQFh.gif	Love that gif.
Didn't he also electrocute a live elephant (to death) to prove a point? Fucking asshole. 	Yeah he was angry at Tesla for his invention of the AC generator, which is what we use now. Edison wanted to push DC for power distribution which is almost unusable and required repeater stations every 50 feet from the power station to make up for the power loss. Tesla's AC power could be easily transported over long distances with only a little loss. Edison decided to try to prove to the public that AC was too dangerous for use by killing animals with it. This escalated to Edison convincing jails to use AC for their executions. He also paid off the officers to not use any electrolyte to help transfer the power into the person, to increase the horror of the electrocution. Even with all that Edison did to try to destroy AC it was eventually shown to be the best. Teslas generators were so good and efficient that the first major hydroelectric power plants ever installed in 1895 at Niagara falls was still in use until 1961 but could have worked well into the modern times. It was replaces by upgraded designs which were still based upon Tesla's work and designs. newlinechar  newlinechar TL:DR Edison killed animals and paid to increase unnecessary suffering of people being executed all to try and fail at destroying AC power. Edison evil, Tesla was awesome.
They really play fast and loose with words when it suits them eh?   newlinechar  newlinechar But shit, if I say 'guys' means 'group of people' I'm the lord of defecation. 	You are so disgusting 
Ummm Alaska? But I guess I could see that though since median pay for a full time massage therapist in Alaska is around $85,000 a year but I don't know the cost of living there though. newlinechar  newlinechar Nice car though.  	Yeah, believe it or not, there's actually a fair amount of exotics up here. (For example I've seen: r-35, gallardo, nsx). I don't know what they do for a living though, maybe they stole a bunch of shit and escaped to Alaska.
Not a mutual feeling. 	You mean you want us to win the league? That's pretty cool man, thanks!
That's fair, and my mistake. But for all intents and purposes, he hasn't been able to display those skills against NFL level competition and I think that's the main issue.	Couldn't agree with you more.
I better go get some and put them on my fingers.	[Like this](http://imgur.com/Ixb4TgV)
well its wrong and you told a lie.	I'm.... I'm.... sorry :'(
you are a fucking moron.  we dont go on belief.  we go on facts and congressional approval.  fuck you.	  Your maturity level is evincing itself. You continually spray your opinions as fact. I suppose you can not see the difference.
Every time this discussion happens, you get a thousand people replying saying 'well, actually ____' has a good dub. And then you quickly have a person saying that for like, every single show thats worth watching that's been dubbed ever. newlinechar  newlinechar I really don't think people feel this way at all; they just like to think that other people here feel this way.	No you are wrong if you have actually been o. This subreddit before you would know that. I was told it was 'wrong' that I watched the English k on and lucky star
The goal is to get the man to give her $500-$1000 to get an abortion. But if there is no pregnancy, there is no need for an abortion, thus no need for the $$$. 	Yeah, but this Craigslist thing is a phishing scam (almost identical verbiage being used all over the country). This is not a national business somebody is running that actually delivers the used test to paying customers. Who is running this? What are they hoping to get out of it? 
and those are present in hemp? cool.	It would depend on the strain of hemp. My understanding is that the only difference in hemp and marijuana is the THC percentage and doesn't include other cannabinoids. I know CBD is one that doesn't get you 'high', but does have medical benefits. I'm sure [this link](http://projectcbd.org/) is biased, but it's what I found at the top of my google search.
Jensen Quackles	LOL oh my god hahahahaha
http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=CY5ANSIFt_o&amp;desktop_uri=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DCY5ANSIFt_o	But that wasn't good enough. I'm gonna shtand in front of shteuofpfkxj. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar That was beautiful.
And a mini safe for people to try to crack	And the waiter/waitress would come up to the table and say 'welcome, I lost the game. How can I help you this evening?'
At least you know how to take a fall. It's either palms first or twist to the side so the arms can cushion the impact. I did the latter, and escaped with just a few scrapes. I had a rendezvous with death.	Time slowed down. I remember looking at my palms and then slowly turning them over to take the hit. An no helmet, of course. Wouldn't be sporting.  newlinechar  newlinechar I was also hit by cars, twice. Yes, come on, darkness.
Seriously. Been waiting for another female ADC forever, too. :(	Imagine another ADC that looks similar to MF...redhead with a large chest. Or an Ahri look-a-like as ADC...mmm. newlinechar  newlinechar btw, Happy CakeDay!
What does malnutrition have to do with an 80 year old women? 80 year old women suffer from malnutrition? Why 80 and not 81? she is healthier than an 81 year old women but not a 79 year old?	I believe there is a term called 'health markers'.  Things such as triglyceride levels, blood pressure, heart rate, bone mineral density, all sorts of things.  These things vary from person to person but there are typically 'averages' per age group.  I believe the article is going off the inference that the 'average' for health markers of people in their 80s are objectively worse than the 'average' for people in their teens.
They finished 4th in the NA regionals. TSM, CLG and Epik finished ahead of them.	Where was Season 1 regionals even hosted? I thought LoL wasn't even a big game at that point... (could be wrong)
Is someone injured or something? I don't get it 	DJ is hurt, which he would help in the pass coverage allowing Doctor to blitz, but it's our secondary. We are finally using press coverage so the WR are wide open anymore, but Yeah.
Thank you for buying local.	My wife works for a CSA (community supported agriculture) this has introduced us to more local people raising amazing food; eggs, chickens, honey, fruit, maple syrup. We also buy a lot of our meat locally, my sound nasty but it has the slaughter house in the back. Can't get any more fresh though.  
You get a certain number of tags based on the amount of land you own and a population survey done by wildlife and fisheries every so often. The people we go with get about 65 tags a year and don't do it for a living. All money earned goes back into the camp fund. 	Got ya thanks for the response! 
I would *love* to see it done this way. As it is, I go into a gamethrea and generally have no idea what the score is and wind up having to go to an external website to check score. newlinechar  newlinechar Just add the request to the template and ask OPs to update scores/key moments.	It makes complete sense, but I am afraid it will discourage people from posting game threads. I'll make a post about it later/tomorrow and see what the general opinion on the idea is. I feel like most people would be in favor of it. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: I a word
Well then I would turn one of my hands into a button that would let me call in an airstrike on those motherfuckers, and the other hand into a button that would call in a helicopter so I could get the hell outta there before the airstrike comes in. 	[](/twiponder) Hmm newlinechar  newlinechar [](/twiquite) That's genius
I love it when he smokes pot in that thing. 	To the cloud
I wish we would get deep at positions where we actually need it, like DB. It's not like we have Darrell Revis at CB, but we alwyas neglect the DBs to make sure we have our precious WR's and RBs that we will never use.	I'll bet we attack DB next year. Either through FA or the draft. Though it's tough to get the upper echelon DB's without a frst rd. pick.
Yup, that finalizes it, Im never going to try ramen.	Eating any of the same food exclusively for 6 months is terrible. Be it lettuce, fish, whatever. Instant noodles wont do any noticeable damage even if it's all you have for a week, just don't do it for two. newlinechar  newlinechar BTW, real ramen is one of the tastiest foods ever. If you ever get a chance, go to Japan and eat everything. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: weak&gt;week... m(_ _)m
Definitely, 100% true.	You are a man amongst men COATHANGER_ABORTIONS
It's mostly because of the 'Fish A.I.' Achievement, which requires you to throw one of the bags into the water. So people wouldn't get too angry at the one wanting to do that...	Is that a knock at COD?
Keith Marshall 	That's what I thought. Pardon my ignorance, but what happened to Crowell?
Yep I do the same for my 2 beagles. Poor babied just don't travel well. We were lucky enough to think of having sheets all over the backseat before the first trip.	We had every surface in the car treated with an almost hydrophobic coating. It just kind of floats on top until you wipe it away. This however means that sharp braking will cause it to become a liquid projectile...
It's hard to not laugh at violence-induced banana shenanigans. newlinechar  newlinechar Waterboarding? Horrible. Waterboarding with a banana? *Hilarious*.	Yeah some of my classmates are still good friends of mine and we still laugh about it!
It's not like it hasn't been done before. Moreover, the fact that it turned out horribly is why it won't be remembered as the 'Sycho Sid'. newlinechar  newlinechar 	yeah i felt like if sycho sid was present in a lot of those fights VUL had an edge in team fights, but TSM did really well with the quick assassinations 
Well. Punt returner. I'd like to think Benjamin is a top 5 punt returner, and he only returns kicks in certain situations. He's extremely fast, but he's small, so we don't want him returning EVERY kick risking injury.	He could turn into a great returner. But right now, from what has happened thus far, the dolphins returner thigpen is the better returner. He was 4th in the league in  punt return average with a 12.2 yards per punt return average and a TD, and tied with josh cribbs for 4th in the league in kick return average with 27.4 yards per kick return and a TD. newlinechar  newlinechar Benjamin could end up better for all I know, but right now I think Thigpen is.
Shanahan is currently petitioning the league to allow QB's to wear the numbers 69 and 96. 	Currently working on a prosthetic RG3 face for white to wear
Oh shit, this is a hard one. Since it's already an all-star cast, I would want a grab-bag of amazing producers. Gimme two beats by El-P, a few by Mike Will for mainstream appeal, maybe a few by Clams to keep things druggy, two more electronic beats by FlyLo, one or two by Sounwave to keep things TDE, and finally, one amazing Lex Luger beat. I'm talking the hardest shit he's ever done. Last track on the album.	Holy shit you nailed that. Those are great choices. That would be a fucking incredible album. Their distinctive style with those kind of beats would be insane. I really want this to happen now.
Are you really *that* stupid?	It escapes me how people don't realize that scraping a fetus out of a woman's uterus might be expensive and painful and even risky depending on what state you live in.
WAT? Here I thought I was the only Raleigh member here...	Really? Wow, were you at the game today? newlinechar  newlinechar Also, I'm in North Raleigh. 
I won my first diplo victory on my first play with Venice, on the first world leader vote. It's stupid easy. 	Likewise. When I first played with them I was so far ahead in gold and making a ridiculous GPT, as well as having held all the city states as allies, that I got bored and didn't even finish the game. 
[](/twisure) You say that like I have any pants on.	[](/fluttershh-r-45) Oh, oh I see.
Is that the best way to find caves? On the computer I always just find them on the surface. That's where I have been looking	If you don't find them on the surface they should be underground.
Yeah we got him from them just a couple days before the season started.	Guess I just forgot all about this. It's been a long season.
MIC STEAL OP	gimme this newlinechar 
There already is a minimize button...so to have the video minimize when I exit the video seems kind of redundant when there already is a dedicated minimize icon.	I absolutely agree. When I realized this the other day I was disappointed.
Holla holla, newlinechar  newlinechar Was diagnosed at 23. 30 now. It is a bummer for sure but you've done one if the best things and found others to talk to. We all have to help each other out. newlinechar  newlinechar Are you exercising? Walking, stretching, and swimming, are all extremely helpful. Also, many have had very good results by adjusting their diet. I've been following the paleo diet.  newlinechar  newlinechar I wish you the best during this trying and confusing time.	Thank you so much. I have been doing little bits of exercise but most of it comes from my walking to and from work and actually doing my work as a pot-wash. I live a good 40 minutes away by foot from my work so I get a good bit of walking done at least. I am going to be taking up Tia-Chi with my partner come September so I hope that will help too :)
Why do people always say they want CD Red or Obsidian do a sequel. From Wiki I only see that CD red has done The Witcher and Obsidian a few games who's names barley stick out. While Bioware has a lot more games and for their recent stuff only the ME3 ending was bad and the rushed DA2. I would not be surprised if eventually Obsidian and CD Red come out with 'bad' games and suffer the same as Bioware. 	&gt;Obsidian a few games who's names barley stick out newlinechar  newlinechar lol, srsly? newlinechar  newlinechar despite their bugginess, Obsidian has been creating some really great RPGs. I mean, Alpha Protocol, NWN 2 (and its expansions), KotOR 2, and Fallout: New Vegas... these are really well-known games. If you haven't played any yet, you really should. 
I just showed my wife his Rivals page. newlinechar  newlinechar She didn't know Rivals existed and I think she's going through the whole team now. Also, field goal is good!	Search for a shirtless pic of Carl Lawson. I'm a straight guy, but tell your wife she's welcome. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: http://www.secrant.com/rant/p/42220429/Be-Warned-SEC-Carl-Lawson-is-Coming-to-Kill-Steal-and-Destroy.aspx
The song has stuff about minecraft. The visuals are there to add a story. It's like a music video, if you heard this song without the video you probably would have been fine with it. And once again, if you don't like minecraft stuff on youtube, then dont watch it, it's that simple.	Remember what Etho said: 'Don't feed the Troll.'
Centrifugal force doesn't exist, mother fucker.	As always, there's a [relevant xkcd](http://xkcd.com/123/).
From what i understand, you can equip the jagged crown on top of any other helmet/head-item.. But it's a quest item, which you get early on at the ~~companions~~ civil war.. But the quest afterwards you *have* to return the helmet. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Thanks to /u/ZephyrianNick for correcting me.	It's the civil war quest line, not the companions. :P  newlinechar  newlinechar There's also a glitch of sorts that allows you to keep it. If you sided with the Empire ( This also works with the Stormcloaks and the the guy at the beginning ), on the quest where you have to get the crown; when you get the crown, go to pickpocket Hadvar and add the crown to his inventory. Go back to Tulios and finish the quest. It will say the crown was removed, but there was no crown to remove. The quest will count as over. Go back to Hadvar's house, and you can pickpocket the crown back from him, and bam, you get to keep an awesome item! :)  newlinechar  newlinechar It also works with the Stormcloaks, of course. I only used the Empire in this as I know the name of the dude you side with at Helgen, Hadvar. :P newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Fixed my error, thanks iWrecksauce!
What's the I badge? Excuse my stupid, I own a Ford. 	JDM Impreza badge
The series is at 14-3 right now. Tonight's game is game #18 of the season.	Thanks. I don't do math good.
I see what you did there	So do I. newlinechar  newlinechar :)
So one more series after this one, then? In St. Louis or Pittsburgh?	St. Louis next weekend
One thing that will help quite a bit in recommending a build beyond 'try these class combos' would be if you let us know what role(s) you like taking up. Do you prefer ranged combat? Wading into melee and smashing things or tanking? Do you prefer casting - nuking from orbit or crowd controlling? Do you prefer to take the secondary role of supporting your team mates by buffing them and making the enemies save-or-suck?  newlinechar  newlinechar With a three-class gestalt, you have so many options it's frankly a bit ridiculous, and throwing out an idea you might like is going to be a shot in the dark.	Sorry, should have mentioned that lol.  I'm wanting somewhat of a hybrid, more toward the melee side with some aggressive spell casting. Not a ranged player. newlinechar  newlinechar I love clerics, but I'm banned from that class in this game.  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: clarification and grammar
In the hyperbolic time chamber newlinechar During the cell games.  newlinechar While training with Cohan 	No I'm pretty sure he found the ascended version but knew of its flaws and most likely learned it after he died to cell.
Yeah 'defense system' generally implies that it is intended for destroying incoming ordinance.  The Brimstone missile system is a decidedly offensive weapon system.  	my bad
[The point of the whole closet scene was really more symbolic. The point the writers were trying to make was that Brian set aside his friendship with Ted for his relationship with Jenny. That and Ted feels even more betrayed by the fact that Brian hid their relationship from him and maybe (just speculation on my part) Ted feels like he doesn't contribute anything to their relationship e.g. the whole 'Could you be anymore needy?' scene. Ted would have understood more if Brian had told him.](/s)	[I agree but I think it's more of ted's issue than Brian's. Brian is simply pressed for time. Ted needs friends in a way Brian can not fulfill. A more mature Ted would just find other friends and support him dating Jenny.](/spoiler)
I'm pretty sure they're topped with chili. 	That was very odd tasting chili.
*On the peyton manning doll*	Next thing I should do is make it so you can link to pictures in comments.
Blizzard *tried* to but got bitched at.	just because you are being imaginative with a map doesnt instantly make it good though.
If supply and demand doesn't work for hospitals, please explain why doctors and drug companies charge so much for their services.	That's his point, man!  They like, are greedy.  So we can't let them be motivated by profit.  So if we like, make them all earn the same thing, and everyone just gets taken care of, then like, no one will be out for profit or greed, and everything would just be cool. newlinechar  newlinechar And food too!  LIke aren't you so glad that food people aren't allowed to make profit, cause otherwise, they would just gouge us, because they can because we can't like just stop eating.  So they know they've got us by the balls and stuff.  Ecinomics 101 dude. . . . oh, wait.   newlinechar  newlinechar Kay, that one about food doesn't really work, but my point still stands.  I mean; just look at TV's!  Look at how many times consumers have just stopped buying TV's, and that's why TV producers know they can't raise prices by 300%. . . so that explains why producers always walk that line of as high a price they can charge without causing people to stop buying TV's. . . oh, wait.  No, consumers don't do that, and producers don't do that either. newlinechar  newlinechar hmmm. . . I guess it has more to do with open competion. . . where, like, TV's keep getting cheaper and cheaper and yet better and bigger because the next competitor will wipe them out if they don't lower their prices. newlinechar  newlinechar But like, that totally doesn't happen with health care, because just look at the U.S. 'sick-care' system today!  It's totally and completely a reflection of nothing but deregulation and the complete whims of greedy capitalists, and if government would just like do something; then health-care wouldn't be the wild west where they exploit sick people because greed.  Except of course for the state-sanctioned AMA limiting of medical schools and doctors.  And of course the certificates of need that hospitals must acquire to open, and of course the one-size-fits-all regulations on medical practice, nor the dire need for tort reform, and of course the regulation and cartelization of medical insurers, price controls, medicare and medicaid, plus a million other things I can't list in my rant, plus the provisions of Obamacare which have gone into effect, and those about to go into effect which were purpose built to make sure that medical insurance and treatment get so expensive, that people will be begging for single-payer; which might possibly be better than the fascist debauchery of a medical system that we have now, but still worlds crappier than what we could have if markets were allowed to be free, like they are (or better yet, more than they currently are) in TV's and Food, and many other things that we need just as much as healthcare. newlinechar  newlinechar But besides all that, man, Starlos' argument totally sounds legit.
you got what you paid for, how is this shitty?	&gt; I've put more than enough hours into it to consider it money well spent newlinechar  newlinechar He even justified his own purchase, then called it shitty.  newlinechar  newlinechar 
Ok I'll read up on rev matching and try to do it, it does sound hard to get right though..	It's really not. newlinechar  newlinechar I overthought it hardcore when I first heard of it. It's really not that complicated. I'm just bullshitting up numbers right now for the sake of discussion, they're not realistic at all but they explain the concept I hope. newlinechar  newlinechar Basically, the RPM's of 45mph in 2nd gear is not the same RPM's of 45mph in 3rd gear. In fact they are quite a few thousand RPM's higher in the lower gear.  newlinechar  newlinechar So imagine you are at like 5000RPM's in 3rd gear going 45 mph. You downshift to 2nd. Your RPM's are now at like 9000. Suddenly shifting from 5000RPM's to 9000RPM's but at the same speed is going to throw your entire body forward and I assure you it is very, very, very scary. However, when the clutch is pulled in and you are downshifting you blip the throttle it will rise to like 9-11k RPM's and when you release the clutch you'll be at around the right RPM's for 2nd gear. newlinechar  newlinechar It's better to be over the RPM's of the gear you are shifting to than below them. You're above the RPM's of the gear you're shifting to every time you upshift and you barely feel it. It should all be one fluid motion. Clutch in, blip and downshift at same time, release clutch. Smooth as butter.
Happened to me, I tried to explain it away with falling asleep on my phone. That didn't make things better.	Married friend of mine accidentally put his ex-girlfriends name in his status, rather than in the search bar. Hit enter and his boss walked into his office so he closed the window just in time to see that his status was updated to reflect a hyperlink to his ex-girlfriends name. 
Not sure where the popularity of Facecams came from. Maybe PewDiePie? He always has one on while he's playing his games. I don't know if anyone did it a lot before him, though.  newlinechar  newlinechar However, I feel like there is occasionally value in such things. Though I will agree that they are usually invasive and uneccessary.	I feel like facecams can be good if it's a scary game. I'd watch the cam for their reaction more than the gameplay.
Kupels in Brookline or Bagel Rising/Pavement Cafe's (all over). Two of the best bagels in town in my opinion.	Throw my vote in the Kupels box. Always keep a half dozen in the freezer.
That's not how it works. The moon is also setting. 	This
Well he is British and you know what they say about British teeth...	[What do they say about British teeth..?](http://i.imgur.com/ZNEM3k8.jpg) 
&gt; or was it horse? newlinechar  newlinechar I get the joke, but was that genuine by Caligula? I thought it was a jab at the inefficiency of the Senate at the time?	It was probably a joke on Caligula's part, but hey, it was ages ago so we can twist it to whatever we want!
The registered trademark sign isn't made of minifigs.	[I know Art, thanks for noticing.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsaxNehMibg)
What's obvious is that most Americans agree with me: So what if Assad gassed rebels too stupid to get their kids out of a war zone. 	How do you know the neighborhood was not being held hostage by the rebels. The residents may not like Assad but they may not really have a choice with the rebels either. The residents are in a war zone where both side will kill you if you do not support them.  newlinechar  newlinechar Up until this point I am glad we have stayed out of the fight. One side is as bad as the other if they keep fighting they are killing each other. I support a quick strike that shows Assad he has more to lose then to gain by using chemical warfare. We are dealing with three bullies Assad, Putin and Iran. If they get away with this attack then why not do it again and again. If I had been President I would have attacked within 24 hours. Of course the delay has made Assad abandon bases and command centers for weeks. That may do as much damage as an attack.  newlinechar  newlinechar 
Did ManCloud or Zuna have an ult that could lock up all of TSM? newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Plus BloodWater is the shotcaller and how well can you call shots while getting blown up?	Clearly Reginald was just being selfish and going for a guaranteed kill. Everyone knows he's a horrible player and is the only reason TSM ever loses. /s
Note that it's just a simple [Thread pool with Queue](https://github.com/eagletmt/bundler/commit/a671cc73c0cf035b9d0944bbfc16973ea4080112). Threading in Ruby &gt;= 1.9 works, we should be using more of it, especially now that even our phones have multiple cores.	I was under the impression the problem had been the dependency resolution portion and preventing conflicts, aggravated by needing to fetch the entire gem to get its dependency list.  Any idea on how that was resolved?  This self-documenting code really doesn't make it clear.
Wait, how did you buy Candy Cane Miss Fortune O.o	was about to post this newlinechar  newlinechar HAX
Damn, I feel kinda bad for him. There was another one on /r/cringe where the comic had such a horrible obnoxious attitude that I felt no sympathy whatsoever. This one, however, ended with 'like I said, first time. Just having fun.' 	I guess the back story was that he had been ruthlessly heckling everyone all week and this was him kind of him getting a taste of what he was doing to everyone else. 
I don't get the fucking response to you. newlinechar  newlinechar You really did nothing fucking wrong. Your friend is an ass but you did nothing wrong especially considering you were in 7th grade and probably understandably confused about what the fuck just happened.	Thank you.  newlinechar  newlinechar It was definitely a terrible thing to happen all around. I eventually ended up telling my mother when she noticed that me and said friend weren't friends anymore and she asked what was going on. Like my mom told me, I probably should have not told my friend. I should have came and talked to her instead if I was upset by it. Which yes, that makes sense. But I was fucking 13! What 13 year old girl actually wants to talk to her mom about that shit?!? newlinechar  newlinechar And honestly, that girl was not the only one effected by what happened. I've always been a really empathetic person and I felt about it then and, obviously, still feel bad about it now. Not only did I learn a lesson about keeping things in confidence and trusting the wrong people, it also made me a little gun shy about opening up to people. Because, sometimes, when you open up and tell your story bad things happen. newlinechar  newlinechar I am not saying I'm the victim in this. No way. I've recovered. But more than one person's life was changed that day.
link to original? newlinechar 	[Drunken Batman](http://www.reddit.com/r/DCcomics/comments/1ldkpx/i_dunno_im_drunk_with_my_sketch_book_and_some/)
Are they in a new league now?	Nope, but it's not unusual for BCS teams to play lower-league teams in pre-conference.
I think Dyrus' Karthus is even scarier - I think his fits better in the current meta.  Better to have regi on that ahri/zed type assassin and Dyrus on global artillery/teamfight zoning.	I think Dyrus is better on Karthus simply because he's a more careful player in general. Regi needs to keep playing Zed and Ahri, because he likes to dive the back line, and that's just not as effective on Karthus. 
There aren't really. Just quality improvements. It would work better the second way. Despite many stories to the contrary. I know, it does get confusing.	No worries, I don't take offense easily. This is the first FPS I've written so I was unsure of exactly what to do. MLA formatting doesn't include greentext. :P
I fail to see the point of your comment.	While the auto industry has been stagnant for decades, Silicon Valley has been in a state of continuos and rapid change since it's inception. It's not the auto industry that's bringing us fully autonomous vehicles, it's the people who change things that are.
He also claims that we're getting both allied and enemy colors. There's no way that 1/5 of the rare slots are going to mana fixing; I suspect he misinterpreted something, and these are the common lands.	We have both sets confirmed though. We know wotc want to support all colour combos not just allied ones.
During math class, when everyone else was wondering when they would ever use this in real life...you were furiously taking notes and studying, because you knew...one day your time would come.	Plot twist: After years of waiting for his/her moment, /u/celebration2000 got tired of waiting and put the water in the window him(her)self. 
Yep. It is :)	Knew it! I haven't seen it in a while, but I could tell lol.
&gt;balls	balls? hahahaha if you had said PDD, maybe, but dyrus&gt;balls by far
Woot! High, squealy 5s!!	Eeeee high, squealy 5s!
Octavion: The Greek philosophers have much to teach us. newlinechar  newlinechar *Attia whacks Greek slave across the head* newlinechar  newlinechar Attia: There's a Greek philosopher for you.	'Have you ever been bitten by a moray eel?'
Crabtree or harvin would be smart. Could be back for fantasy playoffs	Oooooo, Crabtree!  Totally missed that thanks!
Wait... WHAT??? It's the end if August... Did I miss a memo or is this old???	It's old.  I might be a procrastinator. 
[](/dashheart)Hi again! I'm good, how are you doing? newlinechar  newlinechar It's nearly 2am, GMT and all that.	[](/twismile) Good to hear. I'm ok. newlinechar  newlinechar [](/twisleep) You should be sleeping silly
Alabama's offensive incompetence &gt;&gt;&gt; Tech's offensive incompetence	Eh, I think we played way too conservative on offense.  Too often we ran into a 8 man defense on running downs.  O needs to be better though, no doubt.
Over at r/longhornnation	/r/longhornnation.
Ok im new to vaping AVB literally stands for 'already vaped bud' right?  Please inform me if i am incorrect, and i can use this avb on just about any food item for consumption?  I saw someone on here do cupcakes then someone put in in pudding even?   newlinechar  newlinechar Any reccomendations, tips?  I have an iolite!  newlinechar 	that is correct.  once you vape the bud out; it already hits the optimal temperatures necessary for consumption.  Throw it into anything that you eat, and enjoy the ride.   newlinechar  newlinechar I've heard that fatty foots work best, I guess because the cannibanoids bind to the fatty proteins but I am not sure.  I followed an awesome walk through last week that involved melting chocolate and making my own peanut butter cups.  In the middle I had peanut butter, powdered sugar, and ten grams of AVB (total)... and it brought me to the moon and back newlinechar  newlinechar 
Who's willing to bet that you will be able to buy alternate cockpit views later?	I hope not, I'd really be upset if I had to spend another $20 just to make my $110 ship useable.
I havent had a drink since we started trying for a baby 18 months ago...	Oh gee! 
Especially with this (tourism attendance) as a selling point the club has been using when pitching to city government and MLS, the club should promote courtesy starting now. 	This isn't a club thing. Placards and signboards will only go so far. We as fans need to make sure the fan atmosphere is friendly, upbeat.  newlinechar  newlinechar Some people seem to think being a fan means standing behind the goal screaming obscenities, and that's not it.  newlinechar  newlinechar It means screaming funny, witty, obscenities.
If a player is unfamiliar with the mechanics of an encounter, and jump on a limited turret, they're an idiot anyway.	Or trying to help out and learn... Seriously, I thought GW 2 had a better community than calling people 'idiots' instead of seeing them as allies. 
Swedish! Swedish and English. I like the melody of Swedish but you can express yourself more in English I think.	Interesting! Thanks for the reply! Beautiful picture, I hope you keep drawing!
Agree to disagree.	I can deal with Georgia, Alabama makes me want to go to Mass and pray for some smiting.
did the same on my pally back in wrath, took me like 2 hours to get through ragefire chasm as a lvl 12 paladin and it was not worth it at all :D	I had fun doing it at least and felt like I had accomplished something...
Nice reButtal. 	Stop it, you're being anal.
It's [Disaster Prevention Day](http://web-japan.org/kidsweb/explore/calendar/september/bousai.html). Earthquakes don't always come at some convenient time, FYI.	Luckily drills can be held at any time though. The whole country is in sleep debt and this doesn't help.
I say soda, but people can say whatever they like. I maintain, though, that 'pop' doesn't make sense.	What sound does it make when you open a bottle/can of fizzy carbonated drink? newlinechar  newlinechar POP! newlinechar  newlinechar Saying pop makes perfect sense.
[8Ball &amp; MJG feat. Ludacris - Shot Off](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YvRzCQcp_r4) newlinechar  newlinechar [Bun B. &amp; Killa Kyleon - Can't Do It No Better](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ht71hdbcUI) newlinechar  newlinechar [Lil Flip ft.Chamillionaire,Bun B - Platinum Stars](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtH2OKfMMgo) newlinechar  newlinechar **[Pimp C Ft Bun B, Twista &amp; Z-Ro - I'sa Playa](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqh8rUPi44Q)** newlinechar  newlinechar [Lil' Flip feat. Young Buck &amp; Bun B - Game Over (Remix)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IvvO1gOcdbs) newlinechar  newlinechar [The Game - Khaki Suit (Feat. T-Pain)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=InsJ7Q91d1c) newlinechar  newlinechar [Sheek Louch - Party After 2 ft. Jeremih](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0LWuJf8vjlc) newlinechar  newlinechar [Curren$y Jets At Your Neck Featuring Trademark, Roddy, &amp; Whiz](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUCQrlX-SEw) newlinechar  newlinechar [King Chip (Chip Tha Ripper) - Realer](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mod97Z5M5mE) newlinechar  newlinechar [Dom Kennedy - Platinum Chanel](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7ZioeMd0E0) newlinechar  newlinechar **[Gerald Walker - We Dont Give a Fuck](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eclmm6YzIZk)** newlinechar  newlinechar **[Curren$y feat. Lil Wayne - My House](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pYm8rAMMfD4)** newlinechar  newlinechar [Pac Div - On Off Switch - Don't Mention It - 10](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ud0ZpzYqRSU) newlinechar  newlinechar [Wiz Khalifa ft Curren$y, Big Kritt- Glass House](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cm0fAxkNWqc) newlinechar  newlinechar [Curren$y - Flight Briefing (Feat. Young Roddy, Trademark)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3vHLN-cFY3Q) newlinechar  newlinechar [BrandUn DeShay- 1up](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eknLzE-7z5o) newlinechar  newlinechar **[Curren$y: 'Airborne Aquarium'](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvsP0lyPjMQ)** newlinechar  newlinechar [50 Cent - What If](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJBPtFTN8lE) newlinechar  newlinechar [Chevy Woods - Cookout (ft Wiz Khalifa)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgEOank6cqs) newlinechar  newlinechar [Snoop Dogg f. Wiz Khalifa - That Good](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WJq2drq17Q8) newlinechar  newlinechar [Gucci Mane ft. Wiz Khalifa - 2 Timez](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQJ6TBhcZxQ) newlinechar  newlinechar [The Game - Bad Intentions](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KOZew8ZBD1c) newlinechar  newlinechar [David Dallas - Caught In A Daze (ft. Freddie Gibbs)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0NdvQIeKFU) newlinechar  newlinechar [Dom Kennedy - Money Don't Stop](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cpY2G1q2Zlw) newlinechar  newlinechar [Donwill - Love Junkie [So Shifty Remix]](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odXtcT_SFWc) newlinechar  newlinechar [Wiz Khalifa - Talk To Ya](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwyERi2Hhhs) newlinechar  newlinechar **[Pac Div - Rollin](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdX2fnLpZz8)** newlinechar  newlinechar **[Big K.R.I.T. - Now Or Neva (Feat. Slim Thug)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hiUKLdi_qMY)** newlinechar  newlinechar **[Dom Kennedy-Turn me Out](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HwziZyh-ceY)** newlinechar  newlinechar [Curren$y - Money Machine](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJJ5Er5tjvU) newlinechar  newlinechar [Freddie Gibbs - Natural High](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDXnDr2ZoIM) newlinechar  newlinechar [Snoop Dogg - A Bitch I Knew](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SymVIZLNFgE) newlinechar  newlinechar [Elzhi-Transitional Joint](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AbD8G1eloow) newlinechar  newlinechar [Red Cafe - Above the Clouds](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIaGZktCZvY)	Airborne Aquarium is my SHIT. Spitta just spazzes on that one.
[1920x1080](http://i.imgur.com/FeG84Ko.jpg) for those looking for a higher quality wallpaper :)	I always struggle to find 1080p wallpapers I can rotate and use on my phone.  This works.
Okay..but umm..why?	My english teacher spoke in the third person and treated everyone like shit from day one. So after trying to be a good student without any resolve in her rampage I said fuck it...
That was very odd tasting chili.	Mustard OK. Ketchup not
If you can find an Army Navy store, you might find something cool for a great price without even worrying about shipping. Other than that, some cheaper end (Condor, UTG, etc) are available off Amazon IIRC.	not on amazon canada (at least, not for cheap)
I found this from the 'other subreddits' bar on /r/showerthoughts.	One of my favourite subreddits.
[Whoaaaaaaaa](http://i.imgur.com/zv7WIMU.gif) newlinechar  newlinechar I wonder if he posts here under an alt or something.	...are you the alt?
ITT: commenters think OP actually still believes this shit	I'll give you that one, too.
My ex, a pharmacy student would always say 'They have a name for homeopathic medicine that works... Medicine.'	That's originally a Tim Minchin quote from his poem 'Storm'  newlinechar  newlinechar 'Alternative medicine, I begin, has by definition, I continue,  either not been proved to work; or been proved not to work. Do you know what they call alternative medicine that's been proved to work?  newlinechar  newlinechar ... Medicine. '
Good old reddit, defending pedophiles like usual	'The police made me meet up with a 12 year old to have sex.  Now I'm on the registry and can't hang out at elementary schools anymore.  My life is ruined.'
The Shiv topdeck to secure 2-0 was hilarious.  Good games, Trump had some close ones against Snutz and Kungen.  Fuck the drama, I enjoyed the event.  Props to everyone involved	He had 2 Shiv's, 2 Blade Flurry, 1 Perditions Blade and 1 Deadly Poison that would've been lethal and thanks to the drake he had 2 draws to get them so he had quite a good shot at winning the game right there.
well i love training day and the hobbit so I'll take that as a compliment!	Mah burglah.
Yes gotcha but then you also have two defenders with high attack rates if I'm not mistaking. 	You are correct but they don't seem to venture much further than the edge of the center circle which basically makes them two more defensive midfielders shutting down the opponents attacks. It ends up being a wall of three (Vertonghen, Fellaini and Luiz) and if the opponent manages to break away with one player he ends up one on one with Bochetti who is usually well positioned to hold up the play and allow the others to recover :) newlinechar 
trying to, so far it just says 'brawling' but the join option is unavailable newlinechar  newlinechar edit: are you 'kajin'?	yes
Maybe because people found it funny. 	Apparently, fuck you for having an opinion!
why :(	Long story short: It was an abusive relationship. He had anger issues, due to him feeling insecure about himself, and it carried over into our relationship. I finally realized I couldn't be with him anymore after one particularly bad fight. So I told him he needed to get help, and that I couldn't be with him. I had to tell him I didn't love him anymore to get him to accept it, which wasn't true, I still did. Years later I'm confident I made the right decision, but I haven't dated anyone since. It hurts because when I was breaking up with him he said to me, 'If you leave me you're just going to be alone, no one else will ever want to be with you' and it looks like he was right. Anyway. Thanks for letting me vent, internet stranger.
I'm 100% sure that replay ref needs lasik.	For them to overturn the call, they need to actually see the foot over the line.  The best angle they had showed the toes in bounds, and the heel likely over the line. But that's not enough to overturn.   newlinechar  newlinechar It's like court.  Beyond a reasonable doubt.  I agree with you, I personally think that he was over the line.  If it had been called out of bounds and went under review, it would have stayed. newlinechar  newlinechar Overturning a call needs to be 100%.  Not speculation.  Without a picture of the foot over the line it will stand every single time.
Well Im not really looking to lose weight. Mostly to gain some muscles	Then. Pick. The. Fork. Up.
The next 2 days are gonna be a cigar marathon for me, getting my lineup set right now...my top shelf is going to get decimated!	Atta boy!
This is not specifically about the pixie cut, but your hair color is just gorgeous! The cut does look very nice, I'd be tempted to try some flapper styles for sure if I had that haircut.	Thank you! :) Thats actually my natural colour, my last cut took most of the awful dye job's i'd done over the years :3 newlinechar  newlinechar My sister mentioned it looked a bit flapper girl esq haha, if it were socially acceptable to wear them out and about, I would! :p
CS &gt; objectives,always for CLG	Gotta get that 600+ bonus damage on Nasus Q.
Interesting data. Please drop me a private message should you ever make a site for this kind of data mining. It would also be interesting to see how those numbers (12700 and 8126) change over time. Is the wealth being concentrated or distributed as time moves on? newlinechar  newlinechar Anyways... newlinechar  newlinechar +/u/bitcointip 1 USD verify	^[[**✔**](https://blockchain.info/tx/5c7a448077e4984fd19d64131b097b5166044176754094e6cc87063817c1f822)] ^(**Verified**: todu ---&gt; m&amp;#3647; 7.1541 mBTC [&amp;#36;1 USD] ---&gt;) ^dsf2342342342 ^[[**help**](http://www.reddit.com/r/bitcointip/comments/13iykn/bitcointip_documentation/)] newlinechar  newlinechar 
Parsons is a forward right?	Isn't hayward a forward? They both can put the ball on the floor and make plays
'If he's sexually assaulting you in the back of a bus, try to spice things up and scream for your life!'	oh man i laughed out loud so hard at this my wife is like WHATS SO FUNNY and now i have to explain how a rape joke is funny newlinechar 
Firstly, you don't need to quote in a patronising manner. newlinechar  newlinechar Onto the subject at hand, the problems you mention, such as best players retiring, are the exact kind of problems that SAF has minimised while other clubs suffer. Looking at us, we transitioned out of the midfield of a decade ago, RVN, Ronaldo etc etc where other clubs have been troubled due to the reliance on one system. If you fail to recognise this, as Ive put it in another more obvious manner for three times now, you ought to drop this, I cant simplify it more, perhaps re-read the top comment. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, its this exact change thats the problem. United under SAF were able to change their strategy more easily, i,e out of a hyper-fluid 4-2-4 to a more rigid 4-4-1-1 as the players were more well versed in multiple positions and styles. Its this that allows for a change in system to happen with less adjusting time.  newlinechar  newlinechar Frankly, what I'm saying isnt a some left of field view with no basis, I'm lost as to whether or not you understand the central, obvious, repeated hypothesis that the article, the top comment and I are all alluding to: SAF promoted a highly adaptable approach to tactics which created success for United for 20 years, phenomenal considering the EPL.	I'm not sure how I'm patronising by quoting you? It just makes it clearer as to which part I'm responding to. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Onto the subject at hand, the problems you mention, such as best players retiring, are the exact kind of problems that SAF has minimised while other clubs suffer. Looking at us, we transitioned out of the midfield of a decade ago, RVN, Ronaldo etc etc where other clubs have been troubled due to the reliance on one system. If you fail to recognise this, as Ive put it in another more obvious manner for three times now, you ought to drop this, I cant simplify it more, perhaps re-read the top comment. newlinechar  newlinechar Firstly, that's only 1 of the 4 reasons I mentioned (and indeed the most debatable one). And yes, I still fail to recognise how so this point is so inherently related to 'reliance on one system'. Our newer players that replaced the ones retiring/being sold were apparently still good to play in a different system. I'm pretty sure that whatever system you make the current Ajax players play in, or whatever way you train them, they're not going to do well outside of their league because they simply aren't that talented. It could well be that SAF was better at spotting talented players, finding players who would be useful on the level of United, than those clubs were.  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Also, its this exact change thats the problem. United under SAF were able to change their strategy more easily, i,e out of a hyper-fluid 4-2-4 to a more rigid 4-4-1-1 as the players were more well versed in multiple positions and styles. Its this that allows for a change in system to happen with less adjusting time.  newlinechar  newlinechar But clearly they're showing that it's not even needed to have this possibility to change their strategy easily.  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Frankly, what I'm saying isnt a some left of field view with no basis, I'm lost as to whether or not you understand the central, obvious, repeated hypothesis that the article, the top comment and I are all alluding to: SAF promoted a highly adaptable approach to tactics which created success for United for 20 years, phenomenal considering the EPL. newlinechar  newlinechar And what I'm saying is that I don't see the benefit of this as opposed to how other top European clubs handle themselves. This is all I said. You came up with Ajax and Milan which I find faulty counter-examples because I believe the 4 reasons I listed are more of a reason of their (supposed) demise. And yes, 1 of those 4 reasons might be connected though like I said I don't think it is. And even then Milan won a CL only the season before we did most recently..
He should seek consensus on military intervention from the UN security council. If Russia doesn't act the bollocks he should get the go ahead.	FFS @AhNowComeOn @JohnTDOUCHE you have really but it into perspective how much i'm overreacting! 
Awwww she looks happy and so do you! Congrats :)	Thank you!
[Damn bby, I'm impressed ;)](http://i.imgur.com/bNRURJV.gif)	[I could go on all night ;)](http://i.minus.com/ibf9vH50qaL4kT.gif)
Sent	Haven't received an email or friend request yet, hopefully it will come soon! -Thanks!!
[Volley](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=183mPNosD8Q) newlinechar  newlinechar [Deuce](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-6pcZoSL0s) newlinechar  newlinechar Both NSFW newlinechar 	I uh....what did I just watch?
&gt;This is the best thread Ive ever experienced. 	These pretzels are making me thirsty.
[](/fluttershh-r-45) Oh, oh I see.	[](/twismug) So what do you think?
There are more bacteria in you and on you than human cells.	By a ratio of something like ten to one, no less. newlinechar  newlinechar But our cells are much bigger than bacteria, which is why we are much bigger (by volume and mass) than the bacteria in and on us, despite being vastly outnumbered by them.
Let me splain... No no, it's too much. Let me sum up. 17-18years old and I'd finally got the girl of my dreams who had friend zoned me for years. I was the rebound guy and as such didn't last as BF. but I had befriended her and her family for some time and was trying to remain close though it was crushing me. I had been talking to her mother about all the drama and she was very sympathetic. I swung by one evening and my ex was getting ready for a night out with her new Bo who happened to be her ex Bo prior to me. I tried to play it cool. Her mom could tell I was upset and offered me some wine. Ex leaves, I stay chatting up her mom on the couch. She's late 40 early 50. It's funny how the tell tale signs when a girl/woman wants you, are relatively the same at any age except for one thing. If you don't make the obvious move on an older woman, she will. She did. It was awkward. For me at least. Don't get me wrong, it was hot, but I was used to younger girls and she wasn't exactly young. Very attractive and aggressive but I don't think my youth could keep up with her needs. I gave it my all and that was that. I don't think ex ever found out to my knowledge. I'd been back a couple times since and always wondered if that look in her moms eye was a 'yeah we fucked' or if it was 'I bet you're much better now'. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: added some clarity and grammar. And tale 	I love the Princess Bride reference at the beginning! Upvote! 
Was he any better than Walt who was also trying to do it for his family?  There's a lot of blood on both of their hands. 	Yes, he was better. newlinechar  newlinechar 
What kind of expert?	I have earned countless awards and Roy G. Biv's most valuable designer of the year both 2009 and 2011 for my expertise in shades and colours. I am one of the consultants responsible for the shades on the White House to make sure it is the whitest house in America. I usually charge a huge amount of money for my services, but I will give you a limited 1 time free diagnosis! Just PM me the pictures and I'll get down to business. 
I was just thinking that when I wrote this.	I'll get to that soonish.
If at first you dont succeed.. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar .... MAN MODE \#baylife	That's how he is! It's so fun to watch him on play makers like Ahri and Zed. TSM!
Curiousity, I would think.	You'd be surprised these days. Twelvies, those with low self-esteem and such.
Does Sys Rq even do anything anymore?	Actually yes it does SysRQ (alt + print screen) will take a screenshot of the current window and save it to the clipboard. newlinechar  newlinechar On linux it allows you to send certain messages right to the kernel. This is great if the computer locks up. Then you hold alt + sysrq and type REISUB. That performs the needed operations to reboot the computer without just hitting the button.
So, do you have any advice or help to offer?  I'm basically just wondering if I should force my plant to flower because it hasn't started yet and it's getting quite late in the season..	Gave you some advice on your other thread, but i dont grow outdoors so take it with a grain of salt.
Putting our best striker further away from the Box is a terrible idea imo, Balotelli is not a trequrista, he has some good passes but a lot of the time they're great because he's the one pulling defenders away creating space, with defenders covering the strikers he could end up giving the ball away A LOT. Also putting our biggest goal threat further away from the net will only give the opponents incentive to play with a higher back line. newlinechar  newlinechar Stephans goal scoring has nothing to do with confidence imo, and everything to do with learning a new position (LW, playing with another striker) plus no longer being the focal point of every final pass. He's only 20, strikers don't hit their prime till like 25-27. Also his goals only kept us afloat, we were 13th place, with Balotelli we shot back up and went on a no lose streak, Stephan was great but we needed a whole striker that put fear into teams. newlinechar  newlinechar Also fuck Kaka, 5m a year plus a signing fee will destroy our already fragile finances, especially for an injury prone player. We need TWO trequristas to replace Boateng. Not half of one. newlinechar  newlinechar No one knows how Galliani moves, he brought in De Jong when we needed a defensive mid, maybe he'll bring in two trequrista's, but I doubt it since we blew our wad on Balotelli in the winter. With our current formation I'd MAYBE play 433, but we have no right winger that can cross AND score, so I'd rather see 442. newlinechar  newlinechar Abate - Zapata - Mexes - De Sciglio newlinechar  newlinechar Poli - Montolivo - De Jong - Robinho newlinechar  newlinechar Balotelli - Stephan newlinechar  newlinechar It plays to our strengths, doesn't put anyone out of positions, and gives us a lot of defensive cover. I'd love for us to stick to 4312, even for 42fantasia, but we don't have that creative attacking player. newlinechar  newlinechar Still wishing we somehow get Diamanti. newlinechar  newlinechar [Edit] Fixed formation, I completely forgot about Poli =/	I don't mind Balotelli behind the strikers because that's where we have some actual depth.  It's not ideal, but it has the potential to win games.
Just found this. newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.minus.com/i0CIazDLbsiS.gif	I can't even comprehend anything
I see you're making this post on  every 'reddit gold'  comment.  Can I haz gold now? 	Nice try.
Because it was a call that should've gone in favor of NY. Not to sound like a cry baby but for whatever reason this is the reality of our club more often than not. 	That sounds a bit like a cop-out saying that only happens to New York... and maybe a selection bias. It happens to all clubs. The ref was right there and made the wrong call in that isolated situation.
Sadly, I know too many people like this.	You and me both.  The amount of effort they spend sucking up to the actual bill payers, they could have jobs and still keep their self-respect, if they ever had any in the first place. newlinechar  newlinechar Sometimes I think that the concept of 'shame' or 'pride' or whatever is the only thing that keeps civil society from coming apart at the seams.  I know I would be a lot better off if I signed up for government programs or defaulted on my debts, but hey--- I've got my pride.  And nothing else :(
Ahhh, yes. newlinechar  newlinechar Drunk logic. newlinechar  newlinechar LOL.	I seem to have a habit of taking selfies during my walk home, by myself by the way. The only other notable one however is one of me with a McDonald's advert thing. 
tim allen + gary busey on the right	No bye, dats Dermot what lives up bye d'bay.
&gt;  newlinechar &gt; -those brands you mentioned just produce a wider range of sizes they don't make their bras differently than other companies  newlinechar  newlinechar Maybe I can better explain by extrapolating my thought process.  newlinechar  newlinechar 1. It seems to be widely believed that early bras were made out of fabric that was did not stretch as much as modern fabrics do. So in order to get a bra that you could actually breathe and move around in, you had to add to add 4 inches to your bust measurement and buy that band size.  newlinechar  newlinechar 2. This means that +4 would have been the standard measurement method.  newlinechar  newlinechar 3.  Now, women are in incorrectly fitting bras because this fitting method has stuck around, while the fabric used to make those bras have not.  newlinechar  newlinechar 4. So, back when the standard method was to add +4, and adding +4 DID provide the correct fit, then at what point did other bra companies stop using this method?  newlinechar  newlinechar 4b. Did those bras even actually fit those ladies? Was sister sizing a thing back then? Let's say a lady from those times measures as a 28D. Adding +4 would make a 32 inch band, so would she have sister sized into a 32B? Or would she just wear a 32D?  newlinechar  newlinechar 5. If +4 was necessary to get a good fit around the underbust, but the cups were fitting them, how did that affect cup size now? So like if in my example, the woman would wear a 32D, and the cups fit fine when she actually measures a 28D with the ABTF measurements, doesn't that mean that the volume would be off according to today's standards?  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;and even some of the upscale brands with a large ranges of sizes like Ewa Michalak measure differently than we do here and use +4 newlinechar  newlinechar Ok, so maybe what I'm getting at is that if the manufacturers advocate measuring incorrectly for their product, then why do we get a correctly fitting product using ABTF guidelines? If most common brands require you to take an incorrect measurement, then it seems like their product would be tailored to fit the incorrect measurements, so why is this not the case? 	I understand the bra size history but that again has nothing to do with modern brands (except for maybe wonder bra?) so I would still say that is irrelevant.  newlinechar  newlinechar I am sure someone else will explain the 'what you're getting at' point better than I can (it's 2am here and I am ready for bed!) 
Could Holly still be in the house when Jessie drops the match? Wouldn't put it past Vince to kill a baby. 	It's definitely possible, and I wouldn't put it last him either. But Im not 100% sure the house is gonna burn, at least this episode. Some previews have shown Walt and Skyler in the house, and it looks pretty undamaged.
That's a little extreme.	Yeah, I'm more inclined to think people like him should just be informed that they say stupid things, maybe one day the desire for approval will encourage him to act less stupid.
Hmm. anything else to try then?	Try getting the dumbass who ruined it to buy you another one?
It's only valid the same day.	Darn. Oh well. newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks, Everybody!
I'll hero worship whoever the fuck I want ex_logica newlinechar  newlinechar # #ancap #dontreadonme #anarchy #yoloblaze420	Who's reading on you?!
So he hasn't been sentenced yet?  I hope someone posts updates when that happens.  Would like to see any interviews or court footage.  	[He got life without parole](http://www.khou.com/news/Waller-man-who-killed-his-family-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-without-parole-164900216.html)
They've had better. 	Laughed too hard at that.
That's not a very bold prediction...he literally picked 50% of the possible outcomes	still missed.
I used it on candles, for future security. I found a Djinn, and I want to wish for a magic marker, how many charges should I wish for? I don't know how wishing for charges works.	It's been a long time since I've seen a spoiler for wishing for charges with regards to the magic marker, but I think you just wish for an uncursed one (so whatever your write just uses the BUC of the blank scroll) and hope for a good amount of charges. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, in the mid to late game, I usually think that a magic lamp is worth more than one wish.  Basically once you have (silver or grey) dragon mail I prefer the lamp as a lamp. newlinechar  newlinechar Finally, using wishes on candles is *almost* always ridiculous.  Izhack's light shop virtually always has enough.  Don't waste candles as actual sources of light.
I'm into your reply	I'm in.
you can do that with any 1 mana 1/1 though, what's so special about it being the crusader newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: I can't do math	You could only swing for 16? the 4 tokens push it to 20.
[This](http://i.imgur.com/ZLuSP8R.png) was far more cringe-worthy to me.	http://z.mfcdn.net/store/manga/9011/07-028.0/compressed/jshingeki_no_kyojin_ch028_040-eng.jpg This is that scene in the manga. You can really... see it.
I don't understand.  Are you arguing in favor of staying in an abusive relationship because of fears of fines and incarceration?  I agree with you that the divorce/alimony system is broken and needs fixed, but I'd also argue that those concerns are not a reason to stay.  So, yes, even if there's the risk of multiple jail sentences, you should leave if you're being crushed by your spouse.  	I don't know, just some thoughts I had. I guess I wanted to say that this decision should not be a quickly made decision and that getting out is probably for the better. 
Even if you aren't wearing headphones, you should ignore him if he whistles at you.  You aren't a dog.	You dont know hes not a dog. Ive seen a picture of a dog on the computer
Apparently the judge was wanking to Arianny, so he missed the fight and made up the score after.	Fair enough then, it happens.
you was so close on that there grammar, i reckon i done almost read it good. being a grammar nazi might seem powerful rude, but i'm tryin' to do it with a little southern grace, to soften the blow. ya'll come back now! ya hear?	*y'all
Or the sign of a boring lover.	Seriously! And who are all these men who don't want to stay cuddled against the person they just boned, while they doze off? Do they sleep in a different bed?
A matchbox can't, but a tin can.   newlinechar Or, A matchbox can't box, but a tin can can can.	'A tin can can can-can'  newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY.
What could one do to help stop the nosebleeding?	Tilting your head forward so the blood can drain out your nostrils rather than the back of your throat and also either a pack or bag of ice on either the bridge of your nose or the back of your neck, so it will restrict blood flow.
Check your task scheduler to see if anything is scheduled to run at that time that could be disrupting your client.  newlinechar  newlinechar Start &gt; Run &gt; taskschd.msc newlinechar  newlinechar In the bottom of the windows is an 'Active Tasks' section that you can look in to see if anything triggers around 7:43 PM. newlinechar  newlinechar Also check your router, see if it has some tasks that run at that time.	Thank you for the tip. I don't see anything in my Active tasks set for that time of the day, but perhaps it already ran and will show up again tomorrow. Will watch it like a hawk tomorrow.  newlinechar  newlinechar My router is rather old and I don't think it has scheduled tasks. Also my gf is on the same router and her client never disconnects. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Task history is disabled by default on Windows 7. I just enabled it, so hopefully tomorrow I can catch it! newlinechar  newlinechar 
Here's a protip: Don't make the first picture in the album an eye-level shot of your junk. Especially when we're all expecting a picture of your face.	LMAO! Sorry dude.
The official DayZero Launcher from Zombies.nu works fine. newlinechar  newlinechar If it's force closing on launch, go to the website and get the latest version. Install right over top of your existing launcher. Should have a problem after that!	I still have tons of problems. Thats why I ask if I can use dayzcommander. I can't join a server at all and it says im not updated on arma 2.
Looks like a P-01	correct
Yeh but he fucks with Raider Klan and stuff too	That's what I'm sayin...I know he's white, the fanbase is on some raider clan artsy weirdo horror steez...I honestly think lil ugly mane aka Shawn kemp is a talented vocalist and maker of beats, but it doesn't require to close of a listen to know it ain't some trap shit. Do you think waka or keef is dying to work with a middle aged white boy in a death metal t shirt? Well, stranger things have happened :)
On paper, the old computer was pretty bad but it did surprise me with some games, such as Crysis 2 and Skyrim.  newlinechar  newlinechar However, it underperformed in many cases and didn't give playable framerates at all in games I paid good money for. (Specifically BF3, which is one of the few games I've ever played full price for. 25-35 fps, with stuttering, all settings as low as possible.)	Where in the world is that dragon LCD?
Wow, after Game 1 of this series people are *still* questioning Reginald's place on the team?	Not to mention he had a great game as a player in game 2 as well, and a GREAT game as a shotcaller. newlinechar 
Not really. I watch my dad basically monoskiing most of the time. I do it too every once in a while. You just need to have good control and forsight. Don't try this if you leave the prepared slope next to a black slope though since deep snow or irregular snow screw you up too hard.	Well, I mean it's different if you monoski of course, that's a whole new technique. It just doesn't work with most downhill skiis today and of course it will never work in deep snow, you need those fat powder skiis or else you just get caught and/or fall over. 
Haha I admit I did have to do some tucking. Can't share everything at once.	Keep us coming back for more!
St. Louis next weekend	Thanks :-) that'll be a good series I'm sure. 
Do share. We won't be mad I promise.	It's basically him calling every person on your team who is pretty muscular a fatass and everyone who isn't a dumbass. He's not very creative when he's drunk and it's really stupid of him, but I laugh about it.
Thanks for doing it. 	I figure it's a win-win, I'm watching the game anyway, might as well force me to think about it. Hopefully the game gives us things to talk about!
Yeah :-) Although I always assumed Portland was much smaller than Seattle.	1 million people in the surrounding area is a big difference, and it makes Portland feel a lot smaller to me.  Downtown Portland and downtown Seattle have completely different vibes.  
Thanks. I needed to hear (uh, read) that. 	Just make sure you write in a feedback loop, so that when you DO figure out what you fucked up or missed badly, there's already a process in place to get the fix integrated into the process!  Then you can say you planned for that eventuality!
What is divine? Good cheesecake.	Really to die for.
Click the ostrich three times	I am certainly not the smartest person. 
Search for a shirtless pic of Carl Lawson. I'm a straight guy, but tell your wife she's welcome. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: http://www.secrant.com/rant/p/42220429/Be-Warned-SEC-Carl-Lawson-is-Coming-to-Kill-Steal-and-Destroy.aspx	&gt;Bench Max:450 newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Squat Max:570 newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;[Carl Lawson](http://gamedayr.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/carl-lawson-muscles-shirtless-work-out.jpeg) newlinechar  newlinechar That dude is scary massive
Naw, some Mexican Restaurants have Mariachi bands	la blah di blah la bamba!
ur gay	Damn you got them good!
ea sports games are not games. The 'game' decides who is going to win. Not skill.	Care to elaborate? I actually play quite a lot of the NHL franchise, and I'm pretty damn sure it's skill.
Ah, makes sense. I guess I'm used to it, my cousin loves rock climbing, but is really clumsy.	those are two veryyy poor things to combine
obviously... because he wouldn't be walking past the cameraman if he had just lost.	*whoosh*
It was a printed sheet of names, so I wasn't able to erase it. Although my roommate once wrote 'sucks dick' next to her name before I got the sheet. I erased that. Haha. 	Haha okay, fair enough. I'm sure that random act confused her enough
Fuck Iminus, why do people even upload shit to that?	Imgur has like a 2mb gif limit. newlinechar  newlinechar iMinus has a larger one
Which is what I was saying.  newlinechar  newlinechar They are behind a lot of places on being trans, though they are accepting of straight trans people.  newlinechar  newlinechar The forced transition of cis l/g people is disgusting.	but they don't let people transition because they care the person is trans.  They let them transition because they think it's a cure for being gay. newlinechar  newlinechar That's not accepting at all.
Why was this marked as NSFW?	I didn't mark it as nsfw. I guess because its jn the title
what does the watermark say? newlinechar  newlinechar I had a feeling it was dude.	teens-boys-world.com
It's alright, I think we gotta be more organized. I think it's a good idea to say your username (for example, mine appears on the wifi friendlist as 'Train') and FC as well as rules and who's hosting as soon as someone says they wanna play.  newlinechar  newlinechar What's your username on the wifi list?	Kajin. i'll host newlinechar 
That isn't relevant at all.	You're right.  I forgot this thread was imagining them coming out of college.  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: However, this particular thread began with a guy just saying 'Hakeem'... so comparing the two players in their only finals matchup is a *little* relevant to most threads in r/NBA.  I'll try harder next time Mr. Vice President.
I'll wait till CS:GO is native and play CS:S in the mean time.	Also a side note, ibus-anthy won't work in native CSS but it works in CS:GO under wine, pretty interesting. 
I thought he was Asian!	I suppose he does seem *slightly* Russian, but I dunno.
That is a horrible link	[Fixed](http://images2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20090301001146/harrypotter/images/0/08/Potion_Class_Dean_and_Seamus_Finnigan.gif.gif)
Is that a knock at COD?	Yup.
oh man i laughed out loud so hard at this my wife is like WHATS SO FUNNY and now i have to explain how a rape joke is funny newlinechar 	http://i.imgur.com/mYJFa.gif
According to Kruk and Kuip, if the catcher's mask moves, then the impact is less, as was designed. But geez, that really has to ring you bell anyway. Honestly don't want to Buster back there his whole career. 	He had a dazed and glazed look after it got him
Man this is amazing! I am very happy that you wrote this. Thank you so much. If i had the money, i would give you reddit gold, because just how you handled it yourself is worth it. Thank you again!	You are most welcome. Your kind words are more than enough :)
Nah, just asian.	Superasian
'Have you ever been bitten by a moray eel?'	YA' SEE THAT?! YA SEE THAT, YA GYPO CUNTS!? That's how a real Roman drinks!
Yeah....that's not how pronunciations work. newlinechar You can't just spell the word.	Thats like defining a word by itself
Congrats Reddit. newlinechar  newlinechar You just quoted a fucking commercial and deemed it worthy of comedic quality.	Well the commercial was funny so... newlinechar  newlinechar Just cause its a commercial doesn't make it not funny.
Actually, one of those factions' members were caught smuggling sarin gas in Turkey in May. http://rt.com/news/sarin-gas-turkey-al-nusra-021/ newlinechar  newlinechar Who knows, maybe they succeeded in getting another package into Syria.	Do you have a source other than RT? I don't exactly trust Russian state media slamming their opponents...
That can kill in large dosage. I'm not against you. But I understand the fear those people have. 	Oh no I do too, I just find it funny how the term organic is thrown around since everything is pretty much organic from a chemistry perspective. 
Especially when it comes to jobs that 'require' earning tips. Take for instance the restaurant industry (lots of unmarried people); the men slave away over hot stoves, work long hours with few breaks, and are at risk for serious injury, alcoholism, and drug use (because the job is just straight up fucking stressful and dangerous at times). Most make a wage slightly above that of McDonald's worker. newlinechar  newlinechar Waitresses on the other hand, are only required to carry the food to the table and be sexually attractive. So long as you're young, and attractive you can make ass-tons of cash. It wasn't unusual to see the hot waitresses bring home $200+ a night. They could make more than us on tips alone but, they also get an hourly wage (usually $7-$9/hr). If it's a low-pay restaurant the women will make almost twice as much as back of house (and holy shit do they complain if they are told to tip us out).  newlinechar  newlinechar The icing on the cake is after work, these same waitresses would get guys to buy them drinks. newlinechar  newlinechar There should be a rule: 'Never buy a drink for any woman that she works for tips. If she's attractive, she probably brings home more than $1,500 bi-weekly.'	Never buy a drink for a woman. 
Your code was bad then. There are many ways to inadvertantly cause memory leaks on TI Basic but if you don't, it's surprisingly powerfulish. For a calculator.	is there a site with guides/tutorial on this?  I just kind of threw stuff together and tried what worked.
numbers	That's it? That's whats causing Dawg fans to go crazy over? It's hardly a difference
how is an interview a spoiler? maybe they interviewed him after losing...	they only interview the winners, thats how it has always been
They are, in my opinion, completely undeserving of non-profit status however.	Technically speaking the NFL as an organization doesn't profit, all the teams do. Which still should disqualify them, in my opinion.
What is this 'find the pink bear'-thing? Can someone please explain it to me?	The pink bear is very significant after the plane crash in the show. Forgive me for not remembering which episodes. More recently people have been finding OTHER identical pink bears hidden throughout the show. Easter Eggs if you will. 
Hello there, very nice to meet you!	Hello and nice to meet you too!
[](/ajyay)Oh good, you can have all the nobles. Just leave the useful ones alone, k?	[](/kittyshy-invert) The useful ones will be my slaves, and *then* food.
What's this from?	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AlzgDVLtU6g  :)
This is a cycle prepared by a seller and sold as a 'beginners cycle with everything you need.' so theres a little bit of faith on my side. what doesn't make sense about it. Too much crap?	I have never seen deca cycle that short.  Deca should be run at least 15 weeks,  usually more.  Why switch to test p after 6 weeks? Test E doesn't even kick in for 4 weeks.  And such a small test p dose,  seems extremely strange.  That is like trt dose.  I can see what they wanted having it half bulk half cut but it is wrong wrong wrong.  Especially for a first cycle. I should also add that clen should not be ran 6 weeks straight.  This is wrong in every way.  Do research and if you want to run AAS do test E for 12+ weeks,  maybe do dbol or drol for the first 4. Simple and it works. 
I don't think kanye is the same at all. Kendrick isn't there yet but he has a much larger, I dont know what else to call it, approval rating than kanye among people in the Rap Game. Everyone loves kendrick a lotta people don't love kanye.  newlinechar  newlinechar 	I meant in the mainstream, if Kanye were to die it'd be close to what it was like when Tupac did. I wasn't saying like he's looked at rap wise as skilled as Kendrick. I just mean Kanye's bigger than rap music now. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: clarity
SO DO I 	Totally.
Hilarious that the Giants and Pats are bottom teams. And who knew the redskins could dominate like that in that division. They seem to be a main powerhouse force. newlinechar  newlinechar Did the Bills and the Phins draft well or something? If the pats are bad, the jets being the jets they may have a good division. I assume this is pre sanchez of course, because he had a good start to his career. newlinechar  newlinechar Has Favre retired or signed with a new team? Any players turn out differently or the same as in real life?	The bills started out Drew Bledsoe and drafted very well and got lucky with some trades as did the phins and Favre retired in 07 with no problems.
They're supposed to be bubble wrap bubbles. Is it unclear? I might have to do some work on them.	No, I can tell haha
Just being nosy, don't mind me, but what mod are you working on? :)	its just a basic player home mod, with a few quests and a 'posse' (its my first mod). newlinechar  newlinechar The problem is that it started off as just a 1 cell house and it keeps growing a I keep getting ideas 
But it's NOT the rock that falls into the road (it's 1-2 km in the distances - which can confirmed with Google Maps + Street View)	Confirm away.
Are you really selling it? What's the size of it and for how much.  This is cool. 	It's on A2 (16.5' x 23.4') and I think I would take about $400 for it. :) Plus shipping haha.
The Forsaken were rejected by the Alliance, but the Worgen were welcomed!?  They aren't good guys, they are warmongers.   newlinechar Dark Lady watch over you.	Well, the Gilneans specifically. They were actually befriended by the night elves; the night elf druids (druids == shapeshifters in WoW) helped the Gilneans cope with their lycanthrop, mastering the beast within and gaining control over their shapeshifting. newlinechar  newlinechar That said, the horde and alliance are no more good or evil than cold war-era Russia and USA. The orcs that came through the dark portal were tainted with demon blood; the orcs that formed the horde have cleansed themselves of the demon blood and distanced themselves from the atrocities of their ancestors (mostly...).
Only if they don't look the same. Sometimes tv execs look for triplets for promotional materials. Big money man. newlinechar  newlinechar source: I'm a triplet... but got turned down cause one was fraternal	My friend has identical triplets.  Three little boys with red hair.  He should be cashing in, right?  
Yeah this year's epic is beautiful	It really is but still so completely far out of my price range. 
102	That's gonna be a really big cake
Not really. They came in at worlds last year and choked in their game with frost. Yeah you win the regionals, but what's the point if you choke where it matters.	They didn't choke against frost... they lost to a much better team, a team hyped to be #1.  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;what's the point if you choke where it matters. newlinechar  newlinechar relevant flair? newlinechar 
['neologism'](https://www.google.com/#q=neologism) I believe is the correct word you were looking for	Actually I was quoting a television programme called 'Archer.' But I am quite fond of that word, as well. newlinechar  newlinechar 
you know who i love, though?  merrill hoge and jerome bettis.  born sportscasters, those two.	Chris Collinsworth all the way
I think Levi is depicted as someone who knows what must be done and that there is no time to mourn his fallen comrades.	Yeah idk how it was done in the manga but i thought the 'lazy eyes' showed how he could be emotionless when he needed to be and it really worked well.
You can buy a ticket for a number between 00001 and 99999. Last year, there were 180 series for each ticket.   newlinechar  newlinechar Some numbers are more sought after than others, for example numbers that refer to dates that are important for you: 11-9-01, 31-8-74, 1-11-81; while some others are avoided based on the (wrong) perception that a number like 12345 or 88888 being winner would be 'too much of a coincidence'. The last two numbers are important too, because each ending has a different name and some people buy one or the other depending on their mood: 90 is 'the Grandpa', 16 is 'Virgin Mary', 15 is 'the pretty girl', 51 is 'the goat', 52 'the tomato', 99 is 'the agony' because 00 is 'the Death', etc. Some families have made a tradition out of buying the very same number (or ending) every single year for decades, in the hope that it will be the winner some day. By the way, the number 00000 is played too, but it's traditionally given as a present to the King of Spain (stupid, I know) so you can't actually buy any ticket for it.   newlinechar  newlinechar A ticket costs a lot, €200, so you'll usually buy a _décimo_, a 'tenth' of a ticket which costs (you guessed it) €20. This _décimos_ are commnly shared between friends, or given as a present to beloved ones before the draw. Many small businesses and mostly associations also use them to earn some extra cash, by selling shares of a given number with an added profit margin, say, €2,50 for a 2€ share + €0,50 profit for the business (this is regulated by law)... newlinechar  newlinechar (EDIT: As /u/milesgmsu noted, I forgot to mention that numbers are distributed by regions, so each lottery seller sells only 1 or 2, maybe 5 different numbers at most. This favors scenarios like the one in the article where a lot of people from the same town or neighborhood win the lottery at the same time, because they all bought the same number in the same place, so the hapiness is shared throughout the community :) In fact, many people exchange tickets with their relatives in other cities or provinces 'just in case', or search the internet to learn where their preferred number is sold and make a trip to buy it. /EDIT) newlinechar  newlinechar ANYWAY. The day of the drawing, they fill this BIG bingo ball with exactly 100,000 marbles, each with a different number engraved; and then they fill another, smaller, bingo ball with 1,807 more marbles, each engraved with a prize, and only 1 of them being 'el Gordo', the €4,000,000 prize. They shake both balls a little, and then the drawing starts: couples of kids from the San Ildefonso Orphanage take one marble from the big ball (the number) and one marble from the small ball (the prize), 'chant' the number and prize to the public and jury, and put them aside in a table of prized marbles. Rinse and repeat until you run out of prize marbles. newlinechar  newlinechar Source: I'm Spanish. But if you want to know more, here's the Wikipedia page on [Spanish Christmas Lottery](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spanish_Christmas_Lottery). And here's a video from the moment they drawed 'el Gordo' in 2010: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qz9pphQHZc (actual chanting at 0:50 but it's cute to see how nervous the left kid was).	that's so cool
I think this would be a cool activity to start out with: http://personal-pages.lvc.edu/sayers/miner_nacirema.pdf newlinechar  newlinechar It's an article called 'Body Ritual Among the Nacirema,' written by an anthropologist named Horace Miner. The Nacirema are a tribe of people who supposedly live in North America and have all these crazy rituals. After discussing the article with students, you reveal that Nacirema is 'American' spelled backwards, and the article was actually written about American culture. It's a cool way to introduce cultural relativism, and I think it gives students insight into what cultural relativism means that they otherwise wouldn't have.  newlinechar  newlinechar Also, here's the American Anthropological Association's page of resources for teachers: http://www.aaanet.org/resources/teachers/ newlinechar  newlinechar Hope this helps!	thanks so much! Definitely something that I think my students would be interested in! :)
You are living the change gamers want to see in the world. Keep it up!	Thanks! I just like to have fun, and it sucks when others can't have fun too, because of idiots. Everyone is new at everything at some point. Why not just help them become not new? newlinechar  newlinechar I stream almost every night or every other night. [My stream](http://www.twitch.tv/tophasays) if you are interested. If you subscribe, it always will email you saying what I am playing. I think my VOD are up also of all of my Payday 2 play.
http://i1003.photobucket.com/albums/af159/playonjb/everytimeFFXIV_zpse984afd0.png newlinechar  newlinechar I feel you. 	That is perfect in such a hilariously amazing way. Thanks.
^^^I'm ^^^watching ^^^from ^^^NJ ^^^:D	**GET OUT**
Adam *has* no ancestors. God created Adam by taking various muds and clays from the Earth, and molding them into the shape of Adam's body. Then he blew into the body from his own spirit, and thus Adam came to life. Eve was created in a similar fashion but her material came from Adam's rib. This is not exactly a literal description of the creation of Adam and Eve, of course, but it is precise enough that we cannot say that Adam and Eve never existed as two individuals, or that Adam and Eve were descended from non-humans. newlinechar  newlinechar There is no gene for the soul - the soul isn't physical. Animals have souls too, just not the same as humans. newlinechar  newlinechar There has been tons of human evolution since Adam and Eve. There have been different subspecies of humans, Neanderthals being the best known example, but recently we've found out about the Denisovans too. A couple examples of relatively recent human evolution that I know of are lactose tolerance into adulthood and the lesser prevalence of wisdom teeth as compared to the past.	How do pre-human primates fit into this vision of God making Adam and Eve from scratch? Did God just say 'these things are similar enough to me and what I want to create in the likeness of me, let me create from scratch things that look like them and use the same mechanics and genetics as them.'
Nothing new, this gets said about everyone that disagrees with Obama on anything.  Itll happen again with cries of sexism when Hillary runs	What's really fun was the politicians when Hilary was running. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Democrats: STOP BEING SEXIST! newlinechar  newlinechar Republicans: SHE'S FAIR GAME AND THESE ARE LEGITIMATE QUESTIONS! newlinechar  newlinechar Fast forward a few months after Sarah Palin was tapped newlinechar  newlinechar Republicans: STOP BEING SEXIST! newlinechar  newlinechar Democrats: SHE'S FAIR GAME AND THESE ARE LEGITIMATE ISSUES!
He almost seems unhappy to be in the movie. 'I went from Seinfeld to this... just fake it til' you make it Seinfeld...'	Now that I think about it, that bee looks like he is attempting to smile, trying to mask the pain he is feeling inside...damn.
[](/twismug) So what do you think?	[](/fluttershh)Very... Majestic.
Since when was impatience the hallmark of a mature male? She's already begged him not to dump her on several occasions. I'd say that's a good place to start therapy from. If she was brazenly telling him to leave, then that would be different.	Since when did the powers that be give you the right to define others as a man? newlinechar  newlinechar Being so harshly judged for breaking traditional gender role fulfillment is what is holding our gender back.  You would not call a woman in his position 'not a real woman', nor would you tell her to woman up.  On the contrary, how many lost their shit when Hillary Clinton did what you are asking this man to do? newlinechar  newlinechar You do not define him as a man; neither do I, nor anyone else.  And we can have our opinions and judgements, sure, but we, too, will be judged for our judgement. 
Did he actually teach them? I was under the impression that they were already skilled in how to play when they were brought on as actors. But I also heard that they actually were trained before production started to build up that bond.	They knew how to play,  newlinechar he taught them how to rock.
Ok, so can you tell me why it was OK for matt to play CS:GO but not Dota 2?	you aren't getting what he's saying, read it again please. he cannot install or play DOTA 2 on a PAX computer. those computers have games preinstalled and it is unlikely anything at all can be installed on them by request. BYOC computers are not in question and if you're claiming otherwise, show a source that even implies so. newlinechar  newlinechar stop freaking out over something that really goes without saying.
Didn't the original tournament rules posted state: newlinechar &gt;All participants can switch around their decks but are locked to the class they've chosen before the Tournament starts. newlinechar  newlinechar So it sounds like if Trump and Kugen had a PERSONAL gentlemen's agreement to not change their deck between games (despite the rules saying they could) and then later breaking that agreement (supposedly Kungen did?) then that explains the ensuing fallout. How can people say 'Awww poor Trump and Kungen I feel so bad for these poor innocent guys' when they directly caused it because of their own decisions? newlinechar 	No, both viewerships suddenly started calling the other player streamsniping, despite both of them NOT doing something like that.   newlinechar Even worse, they began to tell their streamers the opponents deck and both are avid chatreaders normally... they both had no idea how to handle the situation at first :/   newlinechar At that point they both already knew 2-3 of the opponent's decks thanks to those idiots in chat...   newlinechar I also felt so sorry for them, they just wanted to have fun at that tournament and those idiots just ruined it
100	107: Volus Keeping newlinechar  newlinechar edit: take that downvote troll. I stay A n J-ing in this bitch
With a more consistent/accurate QB you guys would be scary. The scoreboard doesn't really tell the whole story currently. 	Thing is he has never really improved. He looks good for a drive and then loses his brain.
Sebastian is such a great name. I get compliments all the time. It's unique without being too out there. 	I know, same here. We were going to name him Bastian (after my husband's favorite footballer, Bastian Schweinsteiger), but we knew he would have a hard time growing up. Not so much from us, since my family is German, but possibly from other kids. So, we call him Bastian or Bastie for his nickname. 
One word: Shrek	As opposed to the majority of people around the world, I never liked Shrek.
I listen to a ton of lil b and I feel like I seldom hear him say brrangdangdang, yet I also feel like whenever another rapper shouts him out (chance in brain cells, rocky in brand new guy) they also say something about that phrase.	I honestly only heard it on a couple tracks but he does use it a good amount, not as much as swag or the others though. newlinechar  newlinechar http://rapgenius.com/search?q=brang+dang+dang
Why not both?	I can only get one game from AMD.
My english teacher spoke in the third person and treated everyone like shit from day one. So after trying to be a good student without any resolve in her rampage I said fuck it...	And then you fucked the books?
[](/twismile) Good to hear. I'm ok. newlinechar  newlinechar [](/twisleep) You should be sleeping silly	[](/dashiepose2)How's your day been? Much happen? newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah...
That's not really what OP is looking for. Sure, focusing on escapes and defense at white/blue belt is great, but nobody is going to want to keep doing BJJ if they don't do submissions until they get to black belt.	He'll obviously still pick up submissions along the way. Nothing wrong with focusing solely on defense and escape for all of white and most of blue though. Lays a much more solid foundation, and by really understanding the defense and escapes, you get a much better grasp of how to nullify defense during your offense as well as the positional control essentials to prevent escapes.
I kind of figured this was the case, but I was uncertain since enchanted illusions seemed to have Radiance disabled. Also, somebody pointed out in a deleted comment that the fatal source of damage was from my illusion, but it was attributed to brown for some reason. newlinechar  newlinechar I will look at the forums when I get the chance.	Enchanted illusions should still do radiance burn, and the real PL did receive burn damage from the enchanted illusion in that game (you can even see in the screenshot the dire creepwave taking radiance damage). newlinechar  newlinechar It is still an illusion of brown's, and it was brown's actual radiance that killed puck.  But the enchanted illusion got kill credit, and it was on your team so it became a deny. newlinechar  newlinechar There might have been multiple bugs at play here, but at least one was that puck's radiance source was still attributed to the illusion on their team.
Jesus Christ, he's the dictator. They keep him fat so he looks like his grandfather. If his father could keep himself in Hennessey, I'm sure he can keep himself in cake. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: And even he's not fat compared to the kinds of obese and overweight people that are standard here. If you dropped him in a Wal-Mart no one would think twice about his size.	...meant that as a joke....
POCs can't be racist, shitlord. Stop trying to imply shit and use logic damn it! That isn't fair!!!!!	I think this was the same woman who said that white women couldn't be raped as well? Correct me if I'm wrong.
hahahah perhaps I should have been more clear...:P newlinechar  newlinechar I'm glad you like it! Bare toes + tons of sloppy clay isn't my most flattering look...but I knew some of you here might appreciate it n__n &lt;3	Jeans, feet and art supplies just my thing
I know I was being a smartass, If only... negative calorie cookies would be the best	...and burgers, pizza, and everything else.
Also, young Conan O'Brien. 	Where..... newlinechar  newlinechar Oh fuck it's me 
Alright. I'll bite. newlinechar  newlinechar Why wouldn't you just try selling some MS rolls and make a decent profit? newlinechar  newlinechar I'm no expert, but this kind of seems like you're joking or something.	Do you want to buy them?  
Why rage? Twerking is nice when someone's good at it.	No, it still looks retarded. 
Forge log, then.  Can't help if I don't know what went wrong.	forge log? where do I find that newlinechar 
Shampoo Etc. City, is that on Bravo?	Yup. Mondays at 8. This week: four stylists left. Who will win Gordan Ramsey's heart?
This isn't politics, it's science-fiction.	Science fiction is a decent way of examining ourselves in a non-threatening manner, though. So what if it's unrealistic? Doesn't the question evoke *any* curiosity? newlinechar  newlinechar To /u/Teialiel, I thought that this was at least an interesting question to pose. I think that it's disapointing that you're getting such a negative reaction.
It's not a service pack. It's the next version of the operating system. IIRC, new versions of Windows cost a damn arm and a leg,  $119.99 for Windows 7 to Windows 8, $199.99 for Windows 8 Pro.  newlinechar By the way, OS X service updates are free, too. 	Why is anyone spending more than $80 on 7 or 8? They're both the same price, 80 bananas.
So you got away?	Yes I did. I imagine that cop was pretty upset. I never slowed down. It was obvious that no one was really hurt. 
Actually it's more like 20% to 33% chance newlinechar  newlinechar https://theconversation.com/factcheck-does-murdoch-own-70-of-newspapers-in-australia-16812	Read the end, it's a 70% chance you'll pick up a News LTD paper. Circ, not masthead ownership. (ex-Fairfax dude here)
'We had a good run, Pat. But I'm contractually obligated to hate you now…'	'Yeah yeah professor X and whatnot...but we're in the same division now. So....'
Yes.	This a great success story.  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: This is a great success story. 
Actually Hannibal seems to be the only source of British F1 on the net. newlinechar  newlinechar All of the other copies especially from Sky have just been Hannibal rips with the name changed or re-encoded.   newlinechar 	thebox.bz = hannibal. He hasn't released any SkyF1 contents for a while due to copyright issues. To the contrary he was one of very few that covered BBC(Setanta) F1 this season and certainly he was the best when it comes to immediacy. Sorry to hear this news. :'(
I've discussed this exactly. Seth McFarlane's defenders used 'satire' as an excuse when he did the 'I saw your boobs' song too, and if it is satire, okay, fine, but the majority of his audience isn't in on the joke, and he is certainly still cashing their checks.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I think this sort of laziness just happens in TV after awhile. Same thing with the Simpsons. It went from being satirical pop culture stuff, to just topical. More observational humor than societal satire. It's a shame. 	I'd like to talk to Seth McFarlane 'off the record' sometime. I wonder if the change to the show was fully voluntary, as in, he simply chose to appeal to the newer audience more, or if he truly believes his satire, but doesn't care it's lost on the audience.
How did you do that? And for how long? And why?	I Just added in weird, complex, and sometimes made up words that sound complicated into conversation. I eventually got really good at making up words, like glohemea; totally made up, but sounds sciencey and real. I'm still doing it to this day, and mainly because he was a general douche to me.
And he paid $50 for the lemon at the pharmacy.	and a sweaty bald man gave him the stink eye
....??	&gt; where did I make a claim except that you were pretty shitty at pvp? newlinechar  newlinechar I wasn't saying that. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;I believe I stated that I hoped you were one of the Poser Brigade because it would make them fairly easy to take down newlinechar  newlinechar This is what 'if you're going to try and screw someone's reputation up please provide proof, ya know?' that was rebutting. 
They're pretty sheer, so it's more like a tease. :P	:P
&gt;You'll see that the most aesthetically-elegant products employing the Metro design language focus more on consistency (particularly in colors), typography, and iconography, instead of the 'blotchy colored boxes everywhere' approach of Xbox (360 and One) and Windows 8. newlinechar I really do prefer the start screen over newlinechar  newlinechar I have a Windows Phone, Windows 8, and a 360... I don't really understand what you're saying with 'blotchy colored boxes everywhere' newlinechar  newlinechar They all *do* look pretty uniform in design and function to me.	One of the most attractive things (to me) about WP is that the majority of the tiles are the same color.  You have a few 'full-bleed' tiles (e.g. photos) and a few Metro-style tiles with their own color (Skype, Music), but most of them are your chosen accent color, which permeates the experience of using the OS.  It gives it a sense of cohesion. newlinechar  newlinechar In Windows 8, however, there's this mixture of Metro tiles, where the developer can choose whichever color they want, and Desktop tiles, where the color is matched to one of {red, orange, green, blue, purple, grey}.  It completely sacrifices the cohesive feeling for the sake of app differentiation, and I think the result's ugly. newlinechar  newlinechar My gripe with the Xbox dashboard is that one of Metro's primary tenants is surfacing the user's content, and hiding everything else.  Instead of showing tiles of the user's game and music library at least 70% of most dashboard screens is dedicated to 'content discovery' tiles, which is a form of advertisement - pushing the user to buy more games and rent movies.  Once Xbox was a successful, popular product, Microsoft began tarnishing it. 
Not sure why people are downvoting you.  Unfortunately, Vicki will not be on Season 6 unless she hired a body clone and made an elaborate twitter hoax.  We're hopeful for season 7 though. :)	Oh man. I really want to see her on the show! Yes, hopefully season 7. Maybe I misspelled every word.
Married friend of mine accidentally put his ex-girlfriends name in his status, rather than in the search bar. Hit enter and his boss walked into his office so he closed the window just in time to see that his status was updated to reflect a hyperlink to his ex-girlfriends name. 	Commonly known as the 'ohnosecond.' 
My dad once used a half eaten orange. I was sticky after.	not the worst way your dad could leave you sticky....
I haven't been but I figured as much.  The question was about if I owned a range, and honestly, I feel like the margins on this type of range would be far above a traditional range since it's more of a hangout spot.  I think it's a novel way to get people at least interested who would otherwise never set foot on a course.	Oh definitely. The Dallas location is the highest grossing bar in the city and you get all kinds of people out there.  newlinechar  newlinechar It's a blast when I have time to get out there, but I'll stick to the traditional ranges for practice :)
Okay, full disclosure: I don't fully understand how stocks work. newlinechar  newlinechar How does that put Enron in debt? It is because their stocks were worth way more than the company was, and the debt was the difference between their perceived value and their real value, so if there ever came a time when more people were selling than buying, Enron wouldn't be able to pay back investors for their stock? newlinechar  newlinechar Is that how Enron was betting their entire future on the hopes that their stock would never significantly fall, and then committing a ton of accounting fraud to ensure that?	First, lets define Stock. newlinechar  newlinechar Think of Stock as a unit of ownership.  If there is a company and they sell 1,000 stocks that means each stock is worth 1/1000 of the company.  In theory, the total value of the company, divided by 1000, would be the value of each stock (and some eye to the future value of the company). newlinechar  newlinechar What happened was that the executives colluded to hide debts and failures, via shady accounting, sub-companies and some outright deceptive practices artificially pushed the value of the stock up higher than it really was. newlinechar  newlinechar So eventually an outside auditor stumbled across something suspicious.  Interestingly enough, and I don't know the exact circumstances but I do know they were involved in the scandal, one of the 'big five' accounting firms went down in the entire thing, I know they were convicted of obstruction of justice. 
the point is that, in ranked games you are allowed to ban every single champion. It's not like in normal's where you can only ban the champions that the other team own.	Since I mostly duoQ with a friend, I always get first pick so I know this as a fact, you can't ban champions that no one has (and I know it because there are always some champions missing)
The picture of this in my head is hilarious and adorable. 	Right there with you lol!
Did you get this idea from Ramsey? :p newlinechar  newlinechar Looks great. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dU_B3QNu_Ks	:D newlinechar He knows his shit!
Oooh, school sites! This actually looks nice. Simple colors, although (not that you're going to listen to a simple redditor) the nav bar could go on the opposite side, it seems kind of weird on that side. Otherwise, 8/10 job for just being in beta!!!	Haha thanks! And see, I have to deal with parents. Who don't bother to download anything on their computers. Dear God, help me. newlinechar  newlinechar About the nav bar, I'll see about it. I always envision nav bars on the left and like it that way. Plus, it works well with mobile (resize your browser to see it).
Wilson	My league also gives players credit for return touchdowns too, which probably favors Wilson too, but idk if they'll still have him running kicks or not with his usage.
&gt;The dev is doing this alone and made it pretty clear this was only a hobby, not full time. newlinechar  newlinechar The dev made it clear this was a hobby? I certainly can't take one to task for charging for an unfinished hobby project (though it does seem a bit less than moral on some levels) but I can definitely toss an 'I told you so' at anyone who bought into said hobby and is now upset.	He only put it up for sale since people were nagging him to after the closed beta.
Honor is supposed to be given really rarely so its really nice that nobody is spamming it and only gives it out if hes/shes really impressed. its working as intended 	Really? Honestly, how many times did you go ''That guy was nice, but meh, I'm too lazy to honor right now''?
You might be Jewish. 	That's what I was thinking as I typed up that comment. That it's possible he was Jewish and escaping the war.
Keeping this off top-level: If you're ever in Oregon, Intel has open houses at its fabs: you can go see the process yourself!	That would be pretty cool; the facility I use is nowhere near that level. newlinechar  newlinechar I should also add that there are other ways to make really small patterns, but photolithography and electron lithography are the most common.
Honestly I think it should just be a rule to include the source, since someone will want it for \*ehem\* comparison's sake. 	Rule #5: Always provide a source. Always.
Raji is a DT :)	I found my problem. I knew of him, but never paid attention, so when I looked him up to see what he played, he's listed as a end on Wikipedia. 
True, but the game gives you so many options to kill people that it's easy to grow bored of playing it just stealthily. I think that COD comparison for people who choose to play it that way is a bit unfair.	It gives you just as many options to not kill people. There was a bone charm that let you strangle people super fast, you could become a fish and swim in, Many of the roofs had no guards but were tricky to get up onto, the time freeze was its most useful when going stealth and you were noticed.  newlinechar  newlinechar You're right the COD reference was unfair because the interface in Dishonoured was way better. But it was set up in a way that made stealth play just as good as combat play.
Interesting! Thanks for the reply! Beautiful picture, I hope you keep drawing!	Thank you! I certainly will :)
You go to google.com. click images. Grab the picture and drop it in the search box or area.	you need to click on the little camera icon in the search bar.  I do this too.  If someone looks really hot and fake, it probably is a catfish scamming you.
[](/abhuh) well sure, but to get to another solar system it kinda takes a while and would take even longer condisering halfway through you have to slow down and then take exponentially longer,	Well I am sure that once you figure out how to live for thousands of years a few hundred will seem like nothing. That and if you don't slow down while in rout your trip wont end well...
&gt; New, good, long lasting clogs. Dankso clogs are on the pricey end but they're better than almost anything else for the job newlinechar  newlinechar Can you tell me why clogs are so popular in kitchens? It seems like an odd shoe choice. 	Dansko clogs have a thick rubber sole that provides both cushioning and support. The footbed is molded to adjust your posture to help minimize lower back pain. They are easily cleaned, slip resistant, and last forever. 
because the freaking lich king should be a freakin card. like illidan and deathwing	Could have Arthas be the hero and have a card that turns you into the Lich King.
YA' SEE THAT?! YA SEE THAT, YA GYPO CUNTS!? That's how a real Roman drinks!	god i miss that show
Looks good so far! Check his earring again, as you got some green on his toof.	hah thanks :) I noticed that after taking the picture... the camera really picks up what I don't notice
How so?	[These](http://www.reddit.com/r/chelseafc/comments/1lfb88/postmatch_thread_bayern_munich_vs_chelsea_fc/cbyo5xq), [are](http://www.reddit.com/r/chelseafc/comments/1lfb88/postmatch_thread_bayern_munich_vs_chelsea_fc/cbynom2), [really](http://www.reddit.com/r/chelseafc/comments/1lfb88/postmatch_thread_bayern_munich_vs_chelsea_fc/cbyyrur), [scary](http://www.reddit.com/r/chelseafc/comments/1lfrmv/do_not_go_to_rsoccer/cbyxjh7) and I don't have the mental fortitude to try and read through the match thead. I don't think I've ever seen so much hate after a loss.
And her taste has flavor too!!!	*[Oooh myyy](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6nSKkwzwdW4)*.
'The fun of playing derpy decks like Ojamas' http://www.reddit.com/r/yugioh/comments/1lfmbl/the_fun_of_playing_derpy_decks_like_ojamas/	Oh joy, the mass downvoting..
Thank you SO MUCH! Tomorrow i'm going to try to find some youtube videos explaining emotions so she hopefully learns to use her words instead of hitting/throwing stuff/ or just plain screaming. I'm so afraid I'm going to do this whole discipline thing wrong and she is going to turn out naughty or resent me. Thank you so much for your advice!	You're welcome. Patience is really key here, she has so many new emotions happening right now and it's hard to sort through them. There's so much info out there so don't be afraid of just googling your specific issues, chances are, there's someone else out there with the same problem :) newlinechar  newlinechar Another thing, work on just one issue at a time. Start with something you feel the most confident about. And as you go about your day, give her random compliments like, 'It makes momma really happy when I hear your sweet voice' and give her a kiss. 
*sshhhh* 	Still a bargain. And a fun project.
You didn't answer my question. Did it fuck up your sex life?	Oh goodness no...umm...things are...just...wow. :)
who was that/what show?	Edit: I had revealed the show and character, but a few people now are still making their way through that glorious TV show, and have been spoiled by the answer, and nobody deserves that. So I took it down. Google will let you know what Obama's favourite show and character are if you really need to know.
M	T
In Australia, I grew up watching American TV. This meant that my idea of what a black person was like was solely informed by: newlinechar  newlinechar 1. The Cosby Show newlinechar  newlinechar 2. Diff'rent Strokes newlinechar  newlinechar 3. The Fresh Prince of Bel Air newlinechar  newlinechar 4. And the occasional judge or police chief in other shows newlinechar  newlinechar So it was quite a shock when I found out that not *all* black people in America are wealthy.	I know exactly what you mean.
I'm still trying to figure out which one I am. 	I think you're HEATDankShitOfTheJenkins.
Pfft, now Wyoming can work on winning this bitch!  Go Cowboys	Don't get my hopes up, it makes me drink more. :(
That is strange and as an expert because I watched a couple of episodes of hoarders.............they always seem to be able to identify random items quite easily.	Haha, well I don't know if that's staged or not. My experience has strictly been that the compulsion to keep something is completely unrelated to its usefulness, and rather related to the thought that the useless item for some reason could be very useful down the road.. without knowing what it really is.  newlinechar  newlinechar But certainly I'll admit I've lived with one hoarder, not 100. And I never will again.
What wheels are they all?	(Left to right) Vault Fibreflex, Seismic Crybaby, another Vault Fibreflex, and Pink Powerball. Just finished the powerballs today. The vaults wore ridiculously fast. Cored my first set (the purple) in about 4 hours. In my opinion, thats pretty damn fast. Crybabies lasted me a week, and the powerballs I rode on and off but lasted about 3 weeks.
Where are you that you DON'T use grades for math? What do you use?	Algebra I -&gt; Geometry -&gt; Alg II/Trig -&gt; PreCalculus -&gt; Calculus. newlinechar  newlinechar I guess you could apply a grade to each of those (Algebra I; 9th, Geometry;10th etc.) but many people are ahead/behind of their grades, so it'd sound weird. newlinechar  newlinechar 
**MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA**	H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A
This is the best comment of the day.	It's been running trough my mind all week. I don't care who, I don't care where. It's motherfucking football! 
Do you want to die of alcohol poisoning?	I'm probably gonna die before I ever figure out what Wilfred is anyway
What's wrong with organisms?	I'm not speaking for all bosses out there, but I'd have to imagine your typical boss would not want you to read anything sex-related while on the job. I'm not saying it is wrong myself, just that I feel viewing anything sex-related on the job would not please your boss. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Oops. I made a huge mistake, haha.
My point is that you can't (or shouldn't) be bound to something (ie- forced to give up some of your capital) - if you personally weren't involved in the decision process.	Why not? newlinechar  newlinechar And what about if you were involved in the process but strongly disagree with the ultimate decision?  Should you be forced to follow an agreement that you oppose, that seems just as bad or worse. newlinechar  newlinechar Should a child say 'I wasn't involved in the decision of when my bed time was, and therefore I don't have to follow it' newlinechar  newlinechar I'll admit that most people won't take this argument seriously (Although I'm not sure I've seen many arguments that logically justify society's treatment of the young without implying all sorts of other ridiculous things, we're not talking about age discrimination here though). newlinechar  newlinechar Going back to that, when we remove nearly all rights from anyone under the age of 18, their parents get to make decisions on their behalf.  I would argue that those parents by choosing to remain here have an implicit agreement to follow the laws of the land.  Upon reaching the age of majority you can make your own decisions whether you want to stay here or not, it may not be easy to leave (or well, to enter somewhere else, leaving is usually pretty easy) but that's up to the decisions your parents made. newlinechar  newlinechar You can also chain this back generations, your grandparents made the decision on behalf of your parents, and your great-grandparents for your grandparents.  This chain can easily lead you back to either whenever your ancestors came here (and in coming here pretty explicitly agreed to follow the laws that were around previously even if they didn't have a say in writing them) or back to the time the laws were written in which your ancestors had as much say in the process as we do today (realistically next to nothing, but in the ideas of representative democracy, some). newlinechar  newlinechar I'm not saying we can't advocate changing the rules, there's lots of laws I'd like to see change including some major constitutional changes (screw you 'notwithstanding clause').  And that brings us back to the point of this story.  When we decide to change the constitution how do we decide to go about doing it?  Thing is, we already have a perfectly good way of doing it all lined out already.  Sure we could try it a different way, but we'd need to get everybody to agree to use the different way, so instead why not use the way implicitly agreed upon by your choice (or your parent's choice while you were a minor) to remain or become a citizen?
*slew newlinechar  newlinechar Sorry, couldn't help it.	I don't see why they would want to [change the orientation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slew_%28spacecraft%29) of the Space Kraken.
how is this reliable?  not making fun, just curious 	He's an Everton fan. They all think that account is reliable when it comes to transfer news. Many on /r/soccer think he's reliable too. I followed him at the start of the summer and he's gotten things spot on.
Wtf is going on	ggggg
it was a ghetto-blaster given to me by a family friend who left for college in ohio a week and a half ago... couldn't lock the doors, there was no radio, etc... anyway, had just gotten liability insurance on it thursday, parked it on the street in front of my house when i got home 1am from a friend's house, went outside to leave for choir rehearsal the next day, and it was gone. 	Mean people suck.    I hope they get herpes, hpv, shingles, and are stupid enough to rob a bank and get passed dye packs that explode all over them.     May their karma all come at once!    newlinechar  newlinechar Sorry to hear that dude.     I don't know why the universe likes to fuck with us every now and again.   Wasn't meant to be your vehicle for whatever reason.    Still.....what fuckers to have stolen your wheels!
You look good too! :) I'm guessing you're MTF? It's tough to tell. Outside of the trans community I think you pass completely.	You are correct. Thanks п_п
Glass isn't ideal as a mug not because it can't handle the heat but because it doesn't retain the liquid's heat well (unless it's double-walled, etc...).	After looking up the thermal conductivity of glass and porcelain I found that Pyrex is 1.005 W/(m.K) and porcelain is 1.5 W/(m.K). newlinechar  newlinechar So basically it means Pyrex treated glass (tempered glass is always used for glass mugs) conducts heat less than that of porcelain. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.engineeringtoolbox.com/thermal-conductivity-d_429.html
Nice shot! You were able to catch a naturally colourful sky.	Thanks. I definitely like how sharp and noise free your image is. I love the long exposure at night too. I've still got a ways to learn.
I'm in.	You. newlinechar 
YES! We had lots of 3 players map in bw, Tau Cross comes to mind, they were really great	I miss the back-doors and drops from Neo Medusa.
Yeah, well *you're* a dick. 	Am I missing a reference or something? I was genuinely wondering why he was a dick. 
Dunkey and Siv aren't decent at league? Ok.	my expectations might be high but i dont consider sivs support nidalee decent.   newlinechar  Dunkey is a hardcore troll, not much to add.   newlinechar  I rather should ve replaced 'decent' with diamond thou.
I wouldn't read too much into it. They'll all be getting carries	I trust our RB corps, but I don't trust a single one for FF anyway. Hillman/Moreno is just for depth/fandom.
What was her first time? 'Quick and disappointing'?	Didn't even catch that. 
Too bad the Rams can't keep Bradford on his feet long enough to throw to his utter lack of receivers :(	No shit. Tough to see it happen. But within a few years I think they'll build a solid program around him. 
Why would you prefer chance or nature as the one to choose about your genetics before your parents or some expert?	I'd rather have chance give me some options in my destiny than be placed in society from the get-go. I'd rather have some choice and have many different options and discover for myself what fits rather than be told from birth, 'you are designed for this. This is what you must do.' As it is, I have quite a few skills that I can choose how to apply and develop.
Are they all the same 6?	Yep. Not all were full on PIV sex though, but they were still sexual partners.
That's what I thought. Pardon my ignorance, but what happened to Crowell?	No problem. Best way to put it, Crowell was a thug. He got arrested with weed and a gun and Richt kicked him off the team. It was for the best, he was a cancer. 
actually i'm 16 and still live with them lol. But it was really awesome! newlinechar 	Oh, jeez, you said that in your original comment. Haha, sorry about that! newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; But it was really awesome! newlinechar  newlinechar Aw, that's great...:-D.
OKAY...THAT'S IT.....I've made my mind up.  newlinechar  newlinechar Yvonne is the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.	Took you long enough ;) But you're right.
twin	Marry, I'd never forget her birthday.
Granite Hall of FPU. But my room had two exposed walls and was a big ol' triple. Lotsa room to make cold.	Oh god Rindge. Oh god I'm so sorry.
1101 0100 1000	1101 010**0** 1001 (Fixed typo)
If you don't mind me asking, why do you not wear it?	I've never been big on jewlery. I live outside of texas where very few people know what it means.  I work in a field that doesn't particularly admire TAMU... like engineering for instance where Aggies are really well regarded.  newlinechar  newlinechar I'm really proud to have it tho. Things change over time. 
80s soundtrack is terrible	I totally love it actually! :D newlinechar  newlinechar [And I'm not even the only one.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHNDXYpGwVU)
unfortunate how it turned out. I guess the buck stops with him, so he's an idiot. Ah well, I for one get a kick out of the ego, racism, and immaturity, it just paints a horrible, horrible picture. 	&gt;he's an idiot newlinechar  newlinechar Fun Fact: Tk was the one who added /r/TheRedPill to the sidebar and as far as I remember ALL the mods objected.
From now on I will only use Meepos as a Unit of length.	Have you got perfect measurement skills?
Beating black people on the street isn't racism, beating black people on the street for being black is ~~racism~~ the right thing to do.	[](/lyou-invert-r)
What's really fun was the politicians when Hilary was running. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Democrats: STOP BEING SEXIST! newlinechar  newlinechar Republicans: SHE'S FAIR GAME AND THESE ARE LEGITIMATE QUESTIONS! newlinechar  newlinechar Fast forward a few months after Sarah Palin was tapped newlinechar  newlinechar Republicans: STOP BEING SEXIST! newlinechar  newlinechar Democrats: SHE'S FAIR GAME AND THESE ARE LEGITIMATE ISSUES!	Democratic primaries in 08 were the oppression olympics played out in real life
Honestly $30k a year is not very much, especially if its for two people	It doesn't need to to be very much. It just needs to be enough.
Welcome to the internet.	It saddens me that it's linked in this sub.
How could anyone grow out of music?	I know some music I've outgrown or just got tired of. I used to listen the shit out of Aerosmith, now not so much. 
Did you hear he got a taunting penalty today? newlinechar  newlinechar It's the top story on www.espn.com and has a full page write up. newlinechar  newlinechar For a taunting penalty.	You know it's bad when that team's fan base is sick of hearing about the guy. 
u wot m8?	I'11 dr0p u m8. I b3t my mum's l1f3 ya ch33ky b1g0t.
In the next month, will I have a wonderfully, amazing, beautiul girlfriend?	I can't put an exact date, but it'll be before Halloween.
Wait...are you trying to use a tragedy to make people not religious anymore?  No offense to you, but that sounds just as bad as the kind of thing that religious nut jobs do to get people to become their religion.	Incorrect. These other people are using a tragedy to promote religious ideas. 'God was looking out for you during this tragedy.' He is just responding.
Thats ok man. Now I get it its quite funny.	I hope all heals well.
Check out /r/stopdrinking. newlinechar  newlinechar No accurate diagnosis can be made as long as you are abusing alcohol. 	interesting, why?
&gt; Now they say it will take till Wednesday to get someone competent back here newlinechar  newlinechar dat sassy Etho	It's also warranted. If you're being charged for a service then it's not unreasonable to expect a decent job the first time around. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Descent job spelling decent.
Unfortunately, finding membership/attendance data for non-denoms is hard since there is no central agency to provide statistics for their congregation(s).. So the closest ones you can probably use are Nazarines, Assemblies of God, and Church of God - and they're all growing really, really fast. 	Yep. The non-denom church in my town, in the last 7 years, has grown from 250 to 2500.
I agree. This is not a combat vessel or a top-of-the-line multipurpose ship like the Constellation. This is exactly a cockpit consistent with its role as a workhorse not a warship. newlinechar  newlinechar If the view isn't 'good enough' then upgrade to the Constellation - which has an open view in a nod to its multipurpose role as a freighter and a Space Superiority vessel. newlinechar  newlinechar Personally, I love the low-tech analog look of the Freelancer. It's daring, unique, and immersive in a game as beautiful in SC and in a genre that frankly over uses generic minimalist cockpits purely for the sake of gameplay purists who would gladly make ships interchangeable save for specs. newlinechar  newlinechar But that's just my opinion. newlinechar  newlinechar (Disclosure: I own both a Freelancer and Constellation. I am a Flight Sim fan.)	No, it isn't. The cockpit has a very work-horse type feel to it, but that doesn't come from the pylons. It comes from the side-by side seating and general layout. No vehicle manufacturer in their right mind would sell a vehicle with a structural pylon that sits right in front of the driver's face, and no trader/explorer with half a brain would be willing to buy one, especially if that person knew the space they were traveling through could potentially be more hazardous than the I-5 back home. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: there's a way to make both sides of the coin happy. Go look at the cockpit of a C-130, or a B-25, or even a UH-1 Huey, all 'noncombat' aircraft that look rugged and have struts without completely compromising the view.
All they need to do is ALLOW YOU TO TRANSMUTE TOWN CLOTHES.  newlinechar  newlinechar Done.	I don't want people with boxing gloves running around in the world
Thanks again for the tips, anything else I should know?	Learn how to ask to make a head call as soon as possible. Oh, and just a warning, you won't get to shower for about a week when you get there. I cut my hair short before I left so I didn't have to mess with it. It was a good choice.
You're right, of course, I'm just fucking frustrated.	It might help to dress below your age.  Some people can get away with looking like an 11 year old boy when they can't get away with looking like a 20 year old man.
They had more punkin than any other beer, unsurprisingly. 	You up for a trade? FFF for some punkin. Small trade $4$ at ~$20
Sweet bike. I never understood the tiny gas tanks though. What is that good for. 50 miles?	It's all about style. Like the seat, he's not going on long runs with this thing. He has/had a bagger for that.
Oh yes, I forgot to include that. The card only contains email and landlines, so I would handwrite my cell phone in, and possibly write something as well, if I can think of something worth writing in the moment	If you're set on using your card *definitely* write your cell on it then. I would never ever call someone's place of work for a date. I'd treat the card as a convenient piece of paper you have with you rather than the whole method of picking someone up. Something like, 'I'd love to give you my number, lemme write it on my card, maybe we can go out sometime' is probably all you need if you've been chatting with someone at a bar or party. 
but they don't let people transition because they care the person is trans.  They let them transition because they think it's a cure for being gay. newlinechar  newlinechar That's not accepting at all.	It's accepting of transition, but not of sexuality. It's not right, it's still very wrong. 
[](/kittyshy-invert) The useful ones will be my slaves, and *then* food.	[](/ahambreakfast)Is this emote relevant here? I think it might be.
No, really, thanks.	Are you texting yet?
Are you sure?	No, and that scares me more
I need this orange pineapple pretzel salad in my life.	Party starts at 2, there will be beverages and ridiculous amounts of food. Come on out!
Are you serious?!	I was being silly... 
It might have something to do with your name... 	unless they're into Cleveland steamers.
I rejoiced and celebrated.	I really couldn't think about doing that after they helped me move in for school. Home was all I knew and I'm just having a hard time adjusting.
That's a very good point. I am still in college though, so it's not exactly a demerit to be an intern. But I do see it might come across as weird, as if I'm trying to play the high-rolling banker despite being an intern. newlinechar  newlinechar On that note, how might I do that? Write it on a napkin? I guess I could have a few ready, allowing me to use something better looking than paper/napkin. Would it be weird being evident I'd prepared in advance, though?	A napkin is your best bet, or you could just program it into her phone. Or, if y'all are being really cute and flirty like a 90s movie, on her arm. Although this does run the risk of her not being able to make it out later.  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: DISCLAIMER: Obviously ask her first. 
That sounds awesome, how many cups does that roughly translate to? 	Not as much as it sounds. The coffee gets hulled and roasted loosing aprox 1/3 the weight. So that amount might make 500 pounds roasted. Depending on coffee strength, one pound yields around 40 cups. So somewhere around 20,000 cups. That's a rough estimate.
Yes	Teeee-hehehehe
How fitting for Poland to get plumbers.	Hey... 
I am a lefty!  You're the first person ever to know the reason why I make smileys backwards.  Back in my early internet days, my mom had this dummies internet book that said the backward smiley meant left-handed, so I went with it and it was just different.  It stuck.	Ha! I kept noticing it on your posts - I like it! I'd never seen it before though...i bet I'll notice more around now. I wonder if your son will be lefty too! 
or use a mortar and pestle ...you f@#k head	Well you could take a round rock and sort of make a round divot in the top and flat on the bottom, almost bowl like. Then take a long rock, round it, make it blunt at one end, and handle like at the other. Then you could put your Ritalin beads in the bowl like rock and crush it with the handle like rock.  newlinechar  newlinechar That would work.
[](/cutevinyl)I don't like stupid bullshit about highschoolers, it tends to be predictable as hell and full of cliches and stereotypes.	Like our game nightss
background please?	[Yoko Littner](https://www.google.com/search?q=yoko+gurren+lagann&amp;newwindow=1&amp;rlz=1C1CHFX_enUS510US510&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ei=K5AiUufBLra5sQSWwYC4DQ&amp;ved=0CAkQ_AUoAQ&amp;biw=1653&amp;bih=1082#newwindow=1&amp;q=yoko+littner+gurren+lagann&amp;tbm=isch) from the anime Gurren Lagann. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar O_O  ...dat Yoko... newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Link is dumb, you may have to hit the search button again for it to load the image search. Take you pick!
In the 80's they were our gym teachers, who were very clearly uneducated in the subject and very uncomfortable talking about it. Don't know if that changed through the years.  	not really. it's still the coaches teaching health.
I guess they are back together. Last I saw they split up. Either way The title is inaccurate.	He had to bang some hoors
As an air traffic controller I can safely say that you have two different jobs mixed. Air traffic controllers use radios from inside a building to tell pilots where to go. And maintenance personnel use those 'light-up signals' to help the pilot park in the correct location(this is called marshalling). And those maintenance personnel are only near the parking locations, never on the runway. But yes, it would be comical to see maintenance personnel marshalling aircraft in the buff. newlinechar 	Okay :) I totally forgot what they were called, so I just inserted something I thought was close. Thanks! And yes, very goofy.
Why can't they? They have to find a whole other brand of parking meter because one meter is under ceiling? Maybe they have more than one meter, and THOSE make use of the solar panels.	I worked as a coordinator for a General Contractor. newlinechar  newlinechar Part of my job was to go through plans and specs for requested parts and make sure that the architect didn't do something stupid like spec 8' lamps to go in a 6'x6' closet. newlinechar  newlinechar The place I worked at, this definitely would have called for meeting with the architect/design firm. newlinechar  newlinechar That said, I did work with one design firm who would have said 'If that's how we spec'ed it, then that's how we want it, and stop wasting our time with these stupid questions' in which case we would have just done it per spec and kept copies of the emails to the design firm in case the customer is pissed about it at the end of the job.
[](/fluttershh)Very... Majestic.	[](/twistare) You can touch them if you like.
Aluminium. newlinechar 	Is it dead?
Glad I could offer some help :)  newlinechar  newlinechar And don't worry at all about your providers judging you or being annoyed by you having a hard time with injections. If they do, that's their problem, not yours. The only reason I could do the rebif for a while because of the auto-injector. My insurance providers wanted nothing to do with me getting on such an expensive drug as Gilenya, so they instead first approved me for copaxone, and requested that I try that for a while. For whatever reason, an auto-injector wasn't available to me for that drug, so my neurologist had me come in so she could show me how to self administer a subcutaneous injection.  newlinechar  newlinechar Funny story time: After spending three minutes trying to poke myself with her watching, shaking from nerves the whole time... she called it off. My face had gone gaunt white and she was concerned I was about to faint.  newlinechar  newlinechar After that, she relayed the results back to my insurance, who grudgingly authorized the Gilenya, since I couldn't perform self injections. It was a bit embarrassing at first, but we all had a good laugh about it, and in the end I finally got on the meds she wanted me on.  newlinechar  newlinechar Point is, professionals don't judge, and I hope you don't have to jump through all the hoops I did to get onto a new drug. Not sure how Scotland's health care system operates exactly, but I can't imagine it being much worse than America's.	Wow, I just couldn't do that! Injecting myself with the auto injector was hard enough I think I would have just flatly refused if I had to do it all manually! I am so glad that you did manage to get what you needed though, I think that I should be able to get something more suited for me as while the NHS is slow it is usually quite good if you are willing to wait.
Is it bad that I for some reason can't think of which champ this is? ^^^:c	I think it's Wukong, but if it is he missed the MR and Armor that Wukong gets in teamfights, up to 8 per visible enemy team member = 40 free MR and Armor at level 18. 
76127	76128
Upvote for GITS (and Mononoke, of course).   newlinechar What makes Mononoke better in Japanese? I've only seen it in English.	Everything 
This game is going to be heated, BSU beat UW in the MAACO Bowl in Las Vegas this past year (28-26).	Hearing ASJ is warming up despite media reports he was suspended..
If your parents are loaded and paying for everything, maybe a place like UND makes sense.  The expenses are ridiculous for what you get.  That said I'm not familiar with every school out there.  I've heard of some very reasonable colleges with a part 61 program, but they weren't too common. newlinechar  newlinechar Still it seems like most flight schools you're going to you'll be taught by a relatively low time CFI.  Sometimes you can find a good flight school that has some flight instructors that teach now that they're retired or are working a good pilot job and just take a handful of students on.  I wouldn't recommend getting all of your ratings from someone like that, but even a tailwheel endorsement from someone who's got a lot of time can be a good way to pick up on things your normal CFIs might not be aware of. newlinechar  newlinechar I would recommend looking for a flight school where you can take the plane on solo cross countries reasonably.  In college I'm sure you'll do a few road trips, but you need to build time anyway.  Why not take a few friends somewhere and have them split the cost of the hotel room?  That or fly home on breaks? You've got a great chance to see a lot of the country and many college and 141 programs are very uptight about where you can take the plane by yourself.  You can even save yourself some more money by finding other pilots like yourself to split time with, with one being the safety pilot. newlinechar  newlinechar Ultimately I think you'll be far better off saving your money and going to a local flight school or CFI that's unaffiliated or loosely affiliated with a nearby college/learning institution than going to a big school.  I know plenty of pilots from big flight schools who have a shit ton of student loan debt and very little to show for it.  If you're going the airline route, it'll likely be something hanging over your head for a very long time.   newlinechar  newlinechar If you're intent on spending that money I'm sure you could get several 100 hours more from a private flight school compared to what you'd graduate one of those big schools with.  newlinechar  newlinechar Getting the private can suck, but be persistent.  After that flying gets much, much better.	Also one more thing to look for is aero clubs.  There are some great ones scattered throughout the country.  There may be a small buy in, but do your research and with how much you'll be flying you'll likely come out well ahead with the discounted hours you fly plus the buy in than at many flight schools.  I've even heard of some aero blubs ran on military bases that were open to the public or maybe through some loophole where you had to join the Civil Air Patrol.  They looked very tempting to learn at. newlinechar  newlinechar All I can say is to stick with it.  There are some bad flight instructors and flight schools out there.  If you're feeling mistreated or under appreciated you may actually be. newlinechar  newlinechar Buying blocks of time can be a smart way to save money, but I'd be careful as there have been flight schools that would ask for the money for the rating upfront.  I've heard of several schools where the owner would then run off with the money and leaving people with a fraction of the rating they paid for.  newlinechar  newlinechar There are also a ton of cool jobs out there.  I thought I was dead set on going to the regionals, but the more I progress and the more jobs I work and come across the more I see myself never going that route.  Keep an open mind and have some fun along the way.  
guh, its nice to see tsm actually stepping up and playing like an actual team again. But i was really hoping to see vulcan take the cake for these games. I'm really not interested in seeing tsm getting beaten before 20 mins again by the korean teams. At least vulcan/C9 offer some hope of putting up a moderate fight.	Honestly though, if Vulcun loses this badly to TSM, I honestly don't see them having a chance against a Korean team. I think C9 has a chance against the koreans, but if Vulcun gets dismantled 2-0 to TSM, I don't think it's really fair to say they'd put up a fight.
ur gay	U wot m8?
Remember though, just because YOU can't pull money out of MtGox doesn't mean that lots of other people can't. newlinechar  newlinechar There seems to be an ongoing movement to make the MtGox price irrelevant, but European &amp; Japanease withdrawals are still going through from what I understand.  And honestly, if you had THAT much money tied up in Gox, you could always just pay the 5% fee to have it removed. 	I don't have any in MtGox, I'm just basing this on my general impression of withdrawal difficulty. What's this 5% option you mention?
Concerning Yahoo draft grades, I have not been doing well....because of gronk. Just so you know Yahoo grades are based on full season projections of your starters, and since the projections are docking gronk 3-4 games (basically giving you a zero at TE for 4 weeks) he appears to be a bad pick. newlinechar  newlinechar Dont know if that has anything to do with his 68 rating, but there are some obvious deficiencies in their analysis	Those are useless. In one paragaph they say I have the worst trio  of starters in the league. In the very next paragraph it says my receivers will score 3.4 points more than the league average. 
Totally.	YUP
rrugh	Yeah, that seems about right
Lol I got my answer, in that I now realize there's no one cause for 'gay accent'. Some are born with it, some adopt it, some don't have it but want it, and some are the opposite. I marked this as explained after the first 13 responses or so, but it's blown up now and I still enjoy hearing from gay and straight people of reddit about this topic.	I clicked to see the awnser and all I saw was a discussion about mods. But thanks for the awnser. Upvote for you!  newlinechar 
They got some pretty sweet casinos though... And firewater. 	And big boob ladies who guide you.
Omg Karen, you can't just ask someone if they can walk. 	God, Karen! You're so stupid!
Mine all mine.	So jealous. It's so cute!!
People said that about Sturridge.	No they didn't, everyone acknowledged he was a good player. His problem was teamwork not complete a lack of ability.  
You cannot pay someone to have sex with you. Should be allowed to.	Incorrect, you simply can't pay in cash. You are allowed to pay for sex but you must first convert your cash into the following [currency](http://www.amazon.com/jewelry-watches-engagement-rings-diamonds/b?ie=UTF8&amp;node=3890311).
That's cool.  You had a really big head.  Are you super smart now.	That is a misconception. I know for a fact big headed people are not born smart. 
Is this an American thing? In Aus I'm sure you have to pay for it yourself..? Very strange. Also no basements in aus :( 	Canadian, but I'm sure it's in America as well. You *usually* need to pay for it yourself, but you can definitely get rentals with it all included at just a higher renting cost, or negotiate for it with the renter.
Are we seriously only rolling with 2qbs?	If Jay goes down, we can sign a cheapie to back up the backup, I do believe.
Australian Bureau of Statistics report. newlinechar  newlinechar http://au.news.yahoo.com/thewest/business/a/-/national/16161554/adult-literacy-maths-shock/ newlinechar  newlinechar http://theconversation.com/the-future-for-ford-workers-literacy-will-be-key-14548 newlinechar 	While it's better than a few years ago (70% in bands 1 &amp; 2 for literacy), it's still damning, &amp; I feel the main reason why we're seeing such poor politics. If people can't read or do basic mathematics (50% in bands 1 &amp; 2), then policy &amp; budgets go over their head. They just end up believing what they're told, rather than looking up stuff. newlinechar  newlinechar The problem is, when a media is so hell bent on changing government, they won't feed the relevant info to voters.
If you have two bathrooms in the house can't you each have one the way you like it and use 'your' bathroom? Or... install a new toilet roll holder and have two in each bathroom.	We do have two, but one has the shower and the other has the bath, so we kinda both need to use both. I initially thought the double-holder plan was a goer... But then I realised I wouldn't be able to look at his stupid wrong-way-round roll, so I'd have to turn it over. He'd almost certainly do the same, and thus; we'd have doubled the amount of roll turning required.
Yes. I heard it as well. It is as big as any urban legend.	Same here. I remember hearing this several times from actual teachers. :/
So... strait guys that cross dress? 	Crossdressing and transgender are 2 different things.
Thing is he has never really improved. He looks good for a drive and then loses his brain.	y'alls receivers have made a number of drops too. our first interception came off a tipped ball by one of them. 
[The name is originally from Greek δελφίς (delphís), 'dolphin',[1] which was related to the Greek δελφύς (delphus), 'womb'.[2] The animal's name can therefore be interpreted as meaning 'a 'fish' with a womb'](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dolphin#Etymology)	I know. I just like making shit up. Sorry. Sounds believable though, right?
[Here you go](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knFlzLBoQ4g) newlinechar  newlinechar It looks like a meteor to me, particularly because it looks as though its broken into 3+ parts.	Thank you for the link!  I disagree about it being a meteor, because the object [maintains its shape](http://i.imgur.com/hbjgzYx.png) as it descends.  That is not what a trail does.  Pretty weird, actually.  It kinda looks like a missile - if I were there, the remnants of Cold War paranoia would have had me looking for a bright thick wall to hide behind. 
Just because something isn't your taste, doesn't make it shit. 	NO! Unless it's Tool or Pink Floyd or other REAL music then it's shit!  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar just kidding 
Out of curiousity, what does the '3 Magicka : 1 Health : 0 Stamina' etc mean exactly? Someone please explain ._.	It means as you level up, you upgrade your magic three times for every one health. Never upgrade stamina. By level 41, you'll have 400 magicka, 200 health, and 100 stamina.  
When I looked this up it brought up a memory I had of being like 4-5 and seeing the blonde girl with the blindfold on.  I remember nothing of the plot, but I can remember being scared and that image.  Thanks :)	You're welcome! newlinechar  newlinechar I actually found the DVD a few weeks ago at a used movie store and bought it just so I can make my daughter watch it.  I just haven't had the guts to do it yet.
One.... One trillion damage? ;-;	You're going to need it.  Baal's first form has 400 Billion HP  newlinechar 
Doesn't matter, you died which means you're a noob. If you've ever died in a tomb you're not skilled at the game /Sarcasm	^ newlinechar  newlinechar Honestly, I wouldn't care if they gave advice. The fact that they are coming of pretentious is a bit annoying.
Flacco was D-I.	Delaware is FCS, technically Division I. Don't down vote the guy for being right.
To be fair, I live in Chicago. It's what I call an 'urban barnfind' haha. And I found it though a client at work with whom I was meeting at his home for a consultation. I just asked, and he said I could just have it if I promised to take good care of it. Luck of the draw I suppose. 	There is zero % chance of finding something like that around here. I live on the Texas Gulf Coast. The salt breezes eat things like this up in under a decade.  newlinechar 
Doesn't it become cringey once its clear the other person doesn't want to talk to you though?	Well i mean from what you posted you said that you were only going to talk to 1 person and then didnt reply to any others without saying you do not want to talk or remove him. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah common sense should tell him youre not interested, but it is possible he thinks you just did not see the messages and he keeps trying to check if youre online when he is.  Just be upfront, it would save you from cringe and him and cringe in the future.  Less cringe is a good thing.
No worries, I don't take offense easily. This is the first FPS I've written so I was unsure of exactly what to do. MLA formatting doesn't include greentext. :P	I don't think anything could include all the nuances of greentext. I'm still learning myself but fortunately(?) I haven't written any stories myself.
&gt;I tried working out before for 4 months and saw no results newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah...I'm pretty sure he needs to start a novice strength program, doing things properly this time, build up muscle, and *then* cut. He needs a solid foundation for a beautiful house. Otherwise, he'll look way too skinny trying to get rid of that last bit of fat which won't go away. The increase in muscle will help better distribute that skin and fat combo.	Ya i agree that is the right way to do it for long term results.  But if he really just wants to lose the gut and thats all he cares about then diet will fix that.  
Yeah. I'm gonna be a freshman and all the girls look like little children. I can't date someone that looks 11 years old. Then the guys are either ALL MACHO AND TALLLLL or look like they're 8 and ^^really ^^really ^^tiny newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Spelling	Ah, freshman year. You can admire all of the upperclassman all you want, but because you're a freshman, you'll never get acknowledged. Feels good being a sophomore. Still not acknowledged, but it's a start. xD
You poke the shrimp with your finger.  It begins to vibrate violently, and hops off the tray onto your hand.  It begins to grow quickly to the size of the average gerbil.  One side of the shrimp begins to flap up an down, as if there is a mouth where the rice and shrimp meet.  newlinechar  newlinechar What do?_	*&gt;* SAY HELLO TO SHRIMP
No rush. Also, we got named drop in an mls thread Cisco was in. Woo.	We did? Hahahahaha. I kinda feel bad. He's getting swarmed with it.
You sir/lady are awesome. This community needs more people like you.	sir, and thank you. Half the fun is showing off all the neat stuff you can make.
Thanks for the AMAA! Small word of advice...from my perspective.... newlinechar  newlinechar It's already a super creepy and awkward topic.  My I suggest not adding the winky face to the actual 14 year old girls comment? newlinechar  newlinechar I say that in the utmost respect...	I think he just slipped into 14 y.o. girl mode for a second. It was a lapse.
[From @Gidget](http://i.imgur.com/wVniGwm.gif)	holy doodle that was scary then funny but damn.  a bat flying at you? nope.
that is correct.  once you vape the bud out; it already hits the optimal temperatures necessary for consumption.  Throw it into anything that you eat, and enjoy the ride.   newlinechar  newlinechar I've heard that fatty foots work best, I guess because the cannibanoids bind to the fatty proteins but I am not sure.  I followed an awesome walk through last week that involved melting chocolate and making my own peanut butter cups.  In the middle I had peanut butter, powdered sugar, and ten grams of AVB (total)... and it brought me to the moon and back newlinechar  newlinechar 	You have completely changed my life, thank you so much!
I would say tusk is mediocre. But he does have his strengths. newlinechar  newlinechar I don't think he's worth trilane farm, which means you'd probably do either a support tusk, or a solo mid tusk, or a throwaway offlane tusk. newlinechar  newlinechar I could maybe see a support tusk. newlinechar His ult basically stuns through magic immunity for 1 second. His sigil can be used for scouting as well (even if it is only level 1). Ice shards scales only with damage and cooldown, so theres no loss for a support to only have 1 level of this, it has 100% cc with just the one level. newlinechar  newlinechar Could work mid though, similar to dragon knight with less push/tank. newlinechar  newlinechar I think ultimately wherever you put him, he will most likely won't pack as much of a punch as other heroes in the lane would. newlinechar  newlinechar I would say he's considerably stronger than a bunch of the other nonpicked heroes. He has fairly reliable CC, He has counter push, his CC level 1 isn't terrible. He is melee though,  it's easy to exploit grouping up the snowball causes. newlinechar  newlinechar I think he could use with a buff to snowball, especially the stun duration, or perhaps an intelligence increase. I think he has a bunch of potential though.  newlinechar  newlinechar As far as pubs go though, he's not too shabby. Not much a fan of the old battlefury build though. 	One think to note though is he matches up well vrs. some strong mids like qop because of snowball
[](/dashiepose2)How's your day been? Much happen? newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah...	[](/pretzelnom) Pretty boring. Just talked to /u/anuspony and set up for a family party. You?
http://mtglegacy.reddit.com/	I was not aware you could format the url like that
&gt;Source: I am a major on air contributor for ESPN. newlinechar  newlinechar Gonna need some proof to back that up, buddy.	Proof: I like Tebow.  newlinechar  newlinechar Close enough?
That's possibly a million dollar idea app. imo, maybe not a million dollars, but a good chunk of cash if you were to charge for the app. 	Thanks! Fingers Crossed!
He's go getter Greg!	 You could come over tonight I'll be watching cop dramas Smoking fatty fatties
I should probably clear up that we have not been dating for three years. We met in college and had a flirtationship/friendship that ended in an awkward one night stand. He had the same issue in that encounter, IIRC. We stopped talking for about a year and then became friends again and have continued the flirtationship until we began dating about a month or so ago. Up to this point, we've only made out. No sex or oral. 	Yeah, I know you've only been dating a short time. I still think that he's been holding it in a lot longer than one month. 
And the waiter/waitress would come up to the table and say 'welcome, I lost the game. How can I help you this evening?'	I'm torn between wanting to downvote and upvote you at the same time. So I'll just say this and call it a day: I lost the game :(
My mother and most of her parish do not, and neither do any of the Catholic schools I grew up in, though many of the students didn't really care--they just didn't speak up about it.	Sooooo.. What HAPPENED?!
thanks :) I just feel terrible that so many people think my boyfriend is a rapist, he's such a wonderful person :c	reddit is not a good place when it comes to sane people.  Most people here are WAAAY off normal. newlinechar  newlinechar Hence the obsession with cats and ducks.
... Fate	God dammit, now I gotta kill him for the Twilight joke *and* fucking up my sleep schedule. newlinechar  newlinechar So what territory needs an ass-kicking?
well ive been playing on a low level laptop since launch, so definetly u dont need super expensive pc to play. newlinechar  newlinechar Ive gout an i7 q740   pqired with an nvidia 360m , and every uneeded effect shut off and textures at high i pulled 60-90 fps on warpgate and 30-40 on battles with absoulute lowest being in the 20fps range during game breaking patches.  couldnt play at all after gu14, now i can play again. Ive am an expert however an modufying the game ini and videocard settings to squeeze out all i can.  SDome off my friends dont have the patience to pull this off , and sadly tried the game and quit.  Some things should be default turned off like SHADOWS!! sony have the game boot up for first time players with medium settings do u dont turn people off.  Like 1920x1080 ,aaa and fancy effects.	I completely understand what you are saying but an i7 is no slouch by any stretch of the imagination and intel CPUs fair better than AMD ones i was just pointing out the misconception of the game needing to be 'optimized for AMD CPUs'. Also any small amount of research can give you nice settings for your INI but new players shouldn't have to do this. 20Fps for me personally is completely unplayable and the game needs optimizing some it really does. Thanks for your input man ! 
No, it still looks retarded. 	^^^Some ^^^people ^^^find ^^^it ^^^hot
Where are you located? I saw this the other day, and I've never tried it, but it may just be enough http://www.freedompop.com/ newlinechar AFAIK, it's US based only.	Anyone checking them out needs to read the reviews on Amazon.
You used an abbreviation period as the period to your sentence. 	So? newlinechar  newlinechar You completely omitted commas and didn't even use a full stop in your first reply, but it's irrelevant so I didn't mention it.
The graphics mods I'm using: newlinechar  newlinechar [Project ENB Fantasy](http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/mods/20781//) newlinechar  newlinechar [Climates of Tamriel](http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/mods/17802/) newlinechar  newlinechar [Skyrim Flora Overhaul](http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/mods/141/) newlinechar  newlinechar [Skyrim HD - 2K Textures](http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/mods/607/) newlinechar  newlinechar [Ultimate HD Fire Effects](http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/mods/28642/) newlinechar  newlinechar [Better Dynamic Snow](http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/mods/10383/) newlinechar  newlinechar [Crimson Tide](http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/mods/12798/) newlinechar  newlinechar [HD Enhanced Terrain](http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/mods/29782/) newlinechar  newlinechar [Skyrim Distant Detail](http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/mods/12866/) newlinechar  newlinechar [Static Mesh Improvement Mod](http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/mods/8655/) newlinechar  newlinechar [Enhanced Night](http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/mods/85/) newlinechar  newlinechar [Better Distant LOD Waterfalls](http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/mods/6161/) newlinechar  newlinechar [HQ Snow Texture](http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/mods/743/) newlinechar  newlinechar [HQ LODs](http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/mods/4834/) newlinechar  newlinechar [WATER](http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/mods/13268/) newlinechar  newlinechar [Real Snow](http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/mods/29036/) newlinechar  newlinechar *Here are my PC specs (although I can't remember the specific motherboard I have): newlinechar  newlinechar AMD Quad Core, 3 GHz newlinechar  newlinechar 16 GB DDR3 newlinechar  newlinechar GTX 650 Ti (2 GB version) newlinechar  newlinechar I run it all on Windows 8 and at 1680x1050 (because that's all my monitor will support, which is probably a big reason why I get ~30 FPS :) ) newlinechar 	Do you have any sort of noob guide to getting these installed and working fine?
Squire Boone?  newlinechar  newlinechar If so, you're related distantly to my ex-husband. newlinechar  newlinechar His maternal grandmother is his direct descendent. 	Yes, Squire Boone is my ancestor. But nobody knows who he is lol so I just tell 'em it's Daniel Boone's brother.
Tomato meatballs and Caviar. 	They also talked about steamed halibut with a berblanc sauce and salmon roe sprinkled on top. Yum.
What contact_lens_linux said is correct, but you ABSOLUTELY NEVER go left when using this technique. ALWAYS right. If you're going to get hit from behind, you want to go right onto the shoulder or even off the road. Going into oncoming traffic, especially on a major highway like that, is nearly certain serious injury or death. newlinechar  newlinechar If you're in a middle lane and there is traffic to your right, it's preferable to stay straight forward and hit the car in front of you, unless there's something crazy like a tractor trailer barreling at you from behind. This is because the only sensors to deploy airbags are in the front of your car. If you swerve right and someone hits you from the side, no airbags will deploy, greatly decreasing your chances of surviving without an injury (or surviving at all). Much better to rear-end the car in front of you then get T-boned if you swerve right into traffic.	While you are correct about not going into oncoming traffic, you are not correct about never going left. newlinechar  newlinechar On large highways there sometimes exist left-hand shoulders that are separated from oncoming traffic with large concrete barriers.
Did you go into Ghostery preferences and block all analytics and advertising?  	Yes sir 
As opposed to the majority of people around the world, I never liked Shrek.	You don't like 'How to Train Your Dragon'?
[Now I ain't sayin' she a gold digger But she ain't messin' with no broke Teo](http://www.dailytelegraph.com.au/sport/nrl/nrl-star-ben-teo-cleared-of-assault-claims-against-brisbane-woman-katie-lewis/story-fni3gki8-1226681484041)	I can't believe that her A Current Affair interview didn't pay off!
A ginger with arm hair? Have you told him he's an abomination? And I think Asian people in general are strangely fascinated with red hair. Same with me in India, they stared at me and came to look at my hair all the time in more rural areas, sometimes even in cities.	Oh whoah, do gingers not usually have arm hair? Personally I am pretty fascinated about any hair that is not my own color, it's so different and excitingly colorful. If my hair was the color of fire I would be so excited all day. You mention India, you travelled there? Sounds exciting.
that's why you always keep your civilian clothing :P	Hindsight is a beautiful thing haha!
Except people don't spam G2A lockons like they do Strikers, because they aren't nearly as effective overall. This wasn't an issue before the Striker.	To iterate, G2A lock-ons have worse tracking, following instead of leading the target, this results in longer overall flight time allowing for flares when they otherwise would recharge to late and more chances for scenery and ground to block the missile. newlinechar  newlinechar Also the G2G lock on has the same follow instead of lead tracking causing it to hit the ground when it comes to fast vehicles instead of hitting said vehicle and more often hitting cover instead of evading it.
I can't wait for Ozymandias.  Everything is setting up for that episode to be absolutely epic.	It's all there in the name. *Nothing beside remains...*
H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A	H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A
&gt;  Iraq is arguably worse off than it was before newlinechar  newlinechar   You just answered your own comment. All of the points you make are based on your perception of the outcome, but you couldn't possibly know how many lives were probably saved because of those actions. newlinechar  newlinechar   So when you say 'We've killed over a hundred thousands civilians', are you comparing to that to the amount of civilians that would have likely been killed if we did not intervene? newlinechar 	According to the Lancet, between 2003-06 six hundred thousand more people died in Iraq than would have if we had not invaded. That's peer reviewed science in a good journal, but when I said Iraq was worse off due to us I wasn't just talking about body count. We destroyed their infrastructure: schools, hospitals, water treatment, power, transportation. We ruined their economy and further destabilized the region. Take a look at the rise in birth defects after the invasion. This is why I don't need a crystal ball that sees into alternate realities to say that any possible good that has come from the invasion of Iraq has not been worth the cost.
You even trademarked the period? Now you can only end sentences with TempurTemper.™	You're gonna have to pay some royalties now. 
I have never seen deca cycle that short.  Deca should be run at least 15 weeks,  usually more.  Why switch to test p after 6 weeks? Test E doesn't even kick in for 4 weeks.  And such a small test p dose,  seems extremely strange.  That is like trt dose.  I can see what they wanted having it half bulk half cut but it is wrong wrong wrong.  Especially for a first cycle. I should also add that clen should not be ran 6 weeks straight.  This is wrong in every way.  Do research and if you want to run AAS do test E for 12+ weeks,  maybe do dbol or drol for the first 4. Simple and it works. 	Hey thanks man, I've been having a hard time keeping the science straight
Fits nice :) newlinechar  newlinechar And dont you get cocky.	The big ass actually makes a lot of stuff hard to wear lol but thanks!
That subreddit really made.me feel uncomfortable	You want uncomfortable? go to /r/starlets  newlinechar  newlinechar If thats not bad enough, check out the hundreds of individual reddits for all of those girls in the sidebar... newlinechar  newlinechar Might as well be the new /r/jailbait
**Stop** newlinechar  newlinechar What does this sub-reddit do that none of the others does?  newlinechar  newlinechar Does it discuss new technology? Or even the developmental history of cycling? That sounds like it applies to all bicycles (/r/bicycling)  newlinechar  newlinechar Does it discuss fixing or modifying your own bikes? (/r/bikewrench)  newlinechar  newlinechar Is it about a specific kind of bike? (See sidebar for a dozen options?)  newlinechar  newlinechar How about a kind of riding? (/r/bicycletouring, /r/randonneuring , /r/velo, /r/commuting)  newlinechar  newlinechar Is it pictures of bicycles!? (/r/Bikeporn  /r/AmateurBikePorn) newlinechar  newlinechar Content can be centralized! It's okay! There are already 36 different sub-reddits in the side-bar we don't need more. 	&gt; There are already 36 different sub-reddits in the side-bar we don't need more. newlinechar  newlinechar I recently made /r/velomobile because i felt the need for it.
I'm pretty sure if you could afford all that ramen you could afford a massive bag of rice and some beans.	Ramen was free:  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/1lh8s8/im_curious_and_terrified_to_find_out/cbzbzoj
Thank you for the tip. I don't see anything in my Active tasks set for that time of the day, but perhaps it already ran and will show up again tomorrow. Will watch it like a hawk tomorrow.  newlinechar  newlinechar My router is rather old and I don't think it has scheduled tasks. Also my gf is on the same router and her client never disconnects. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Task history is disabled by default on Windows 7. I just enabled it, so hopefully tomorrow I can catch it! newlinechar  newlinechar 	Check your event logs, too: Start &gt; Run &gt; eventvwr newlinechar  newlinechar You'll want to look in your Windows Logs &gt; Application and System
Just for that alone, Marry Katy Perry. newlinechar  newlinechar Marriage would get boring without the fucked up sex, no? newlinechar 	True! Sorry Emily Blunt... 
:( I wanted to play.... How did it go?	A bit of a confusion at the start, but it was fun. Not a lot of people showed up.
The NFL is a non-profit, individual teams pay taxes.  Don't worry about it, it actually all comes out pretty above-board.	I suppose that *sort of* makes sense. Though that seems a really odd system of arranging your organization.
MMDCCCXCVII	MMDCCCXCVIII
Hope you like it! And if you don't you should go to go check out Strong Bad Emails! newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/bM7ghwz.jpg	And sorry I didn't have time to ink this :'(
Thank you. Somebody posted videos of the meeting elsewhere in the thread, and they clearly don't know cat body language. They aren't making friends, they're watching each other's every move and behaving defensively. newlinechar  newlinechar They're not dogs and probably don't like being 'introduced' to other cats much.	Those cats don't look particularly stressed either though. Not happy or excited, but not stressed or defensive either. They don't understand that they're being exploited, they just know that they're being fed and have a place to poop and sleep. If it's something they do a lot, travelling and meeting new animals won't stress them out too much.
not a fan of either, but i'd take hilton hands down. better qb, better offense, younger. aging speed receivers (wallace) don't age well, imo. newlinechar also, i think wayne/hilton complement each other, not hurt each other. wayne is bigger but trending towards 'posession wr' territory (e.g. intermediate routes); hilton's specialty is the deep route.	Surprisingly, I'm a fan of both. For an experienced receiver like Wallace, I think where he is getting drafted is fair. They just don't dish out that amount of cash for someone who isn't going to be a huge part of their defense. Hilton on the other hand has a huge ceiling, he could potentially be the next breakout WR and could be 3rd round value. newlinechar  newlinechar In this situation, I would take Hilton by only a little. Even though he is the 3rd receiver on the depth chart, I think he is going to be terrific value at his currently late 6th-early 7th draft spot. newlinechar  newlinechar Just reread OP's post, what team league are you in where Hilton is on the bench?
But you still have to rein them in once in a while, and not let them run wild. 	I knew this would spur some discussion.
They went head to head in the 95 finals. That's why I brought it up.	You're right, my NBA history was lacking. Although I suppose it matters that Shaq was 3 years out of college and Hakeem was in his prime.
Im the same. When i'm with my friends I wont think twice about calling them retards and fuck ups as a joke, but i'd never do it to a girl and if I did i'd still be sweet instead of yelling it like i would to my friend.	I go a lot further than this. With nerdy friends I'm a huge nerd. With more attractive popular guys I act more like a ladies man. With quiet people I'm quiet, with loud people I'm loud.
It might help to dress below your age.  Some people can get away with looking like an 11 year old boy when they can't get away with looking like a 20 year old man.	I do, I think; button-up t-shirts, band tees, and straight-leg jeans. Too short to ever be taken as being over the age of about 13.
Dansko clogs have a thick rubber sole that provides both cushioning and support. The footbed is molded to adjust your posture to help minimize lower back pain. They are easily cleaned, slip resistant, and last forever. 	All of this, and I'll add the safety value of having shoes that very easily slip off (in case you spill something hot or something). 
Ive read this 3 times and I still dont understand it. Youre married and living in the same house but your husband has a gf?	open marriage.
Yeap, because all that fecal matter got sprayed right onto your toothbrush.	It did whether the lid was closed or not.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AlzgDVLtU6g  :)	&gt; The uploader has not made this video available in your country. newlinechar  newlinechar :(
If you're on /r/AskReddit/new enough, you're bound to see JonAudette telling people they need to kill themselves or talking about how much he wants to commit suicide. It's kind of sad, actually.	Yeah that's sad.  Life is too much fun to be miserable or try and make others miserable.  
[He got life without parole](http://www.khou.com/news/Waller-man-who-killed-his-family-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-without-parole-164900216.html)	ah thanks.  would love to see an interview at some point in the future.  
yeah, Spencer staying before him is somewhat surprising given he was pretty good last year and has the same versatility that Spencer has.	I really thought he was gonna win the center spot, and AT LEAST stay on as a backup as a guard or center
Edit: I had revealed the show and character, but a few people now are still making their way through that glorious TV show, and have been spoiled by the answer, and nobody deserves that. So I took it down. Google will let you know what Obama's favourite show and character are if you really need to know.	Ah man, that scene. Ugh. I gotta re-watch the wire now.
Damn, you were sexy.	How come I never heard that back then?! But thanks for saying it now. Seriously. That's awesome =) 
&gt; I'm an introvert on my way to almost becoming a hermit! newlinechar  newlinechar That's pretty much how I would sum up my situation in college. There's something that's so soothing about locking my door, closing my curtains and drinking as much tea as it's humanly possible.  newlinechar  newlinechar The outside world is evil. My bedroom is a safe heaven.	Ooh, I hear you...:-D. Instead of tea, though, my addiction was hot chocolate (which was *not* something I needed...XD). newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; The outside world is evil. My bedroom is a safe heaven. newlinechar  newlinechar Amen! The outside world can also be realllly awkward and embarrassing...nope, it's better to stay in my room where I can observe other people through a T.V. or computer screen!
The pink bear is very significant after the plane crash in the show. Forgive me for not remembering which episodes. More recently people have been finding OTHER identical pink bears hidden throughout the show. Easter Eggs if you will. 	All of the 'other' pink bears were easter eggs before the plane crash happened.
Inverting an emote of a nigger pone makes you racist.	no u
Though I trust RT on most reviewed movies, and i haven't seen the Katy Perry movie. That [One Direction](http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/this_is_us/) movie is at a 68%, so i don't know if i can trust it on pop singer documentaries.  	I was taken aback when I found out that the One Direction documentary was directed by none other than [Morgan Spurlock of Super Size Me fame](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm1041597). He still seems like a reputable guy, but seriously?
The show started like last month I think. 9 weeks ago. newlinechar  newlinechar Dude I think you're way behind. After Bakemonogatari it's Nisemonogatari. After that it's a prequel called Nekomonogatari:Kuro. Then this came out. Everything happening this season takes place after Nisemonogatari.	Wait no I am confused more again. newlinechar  newlinechar The last I watched was the 4 episodes about Black Hanakawa and it ended with her living with Aragai's sisters because her house burned down.
Please, keep the cooldown when Tyr switch stances, like Hel or buff Hel lol	Hel halves her cooldowns when she switches and the same should be done for tyr.
Wait this is a movie? newlinechar  newlinechar Damn, I missed the montage where they buckle down, and magically transform from mediocre to world-class in minutes with the awesome song in the background! newlinechar  newlinechar Thats like, the best part..	Damn, you missed super week and the first 2 days of Pax????
It was an amazing ult to me because they essentially HAD to stand in his ult. Elise had gone ahead and if they had just let her die, the rest of tsm could have chased them down 5v4. Vulcun probably hoped for more than just 2 kills, but they just didnt get it. 	Well except for Zuna, he could've easily gone without standing in the ult and saved himself at least 500 health.  You can see him move out of the ult, then move forward back into the ult to autoattack, as if he has Urgot range instead of lategame Tristana.  
Well, I'm probably not as drunk as most people. 	Don't worry I got ya
roar-audio wasn't very nice. If you like New Girl, I think another show you'd consider a must-see would be The Mindy Project. You have time to watch the first season before the next one kicks off, too.	Yeah, his response was bizarre. He must be having a bad day. newlinechar  newlinechar I'll definitely check out the Mindy Project! Need something to hold me off 'til the new season of New Girl anyway.
Queen.	Queen who?!
No problem. I think Xenophon's incredibly underrated, I love getting other people to read his stuff!	Yeah, I only knew Socrates through Plato's writing previously. This is great! newlinechar  newlinechar I will note that the close of that chapter is somewhat terpy: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; “But, by Jupiter,” exclaimed Socrates, “I do not wish that I should be drawn to you, but that you should come to me.” “I will come then,” said she, “only take care to let me in,” “I will let you in,” replied he, “if another more acceptable than you be not within.” newlinechar  newlinechar Kinda badass, that. I haven't 'seen' Socrates with women much. He seems to prefer the company of bright young men in most cases, heh.
I never heard of Wofford until it appeared on Baylor's schedule 	They've actually been doing very well in their division recently. The only reason I know of them is because my fiancé's old school (he transferred to Baylor) played against them. They are in the southern conference and they are ranked number 5 in the FCS right now. newlinechar  newlinechar -but then again, we are kicking their butt.
WHoa, thank you!	No problem Alex, Todd and Erson. I'll remember *you* most Erson.
Liisssteeennn	[Hey, listen!](http://i.imgur.com/htjPxAy.jpg)
Marry but don't *ever* fuck the 3 yo; fuck the 19 yo; lovingly euthanize the 72 yo.	only safe solution.
Literally. 	But occasionally figuratively.
&gt;That's cool too, man. I respect your opinion. newlinechar  newlinechar You crafty Canadians and your ability to converse concisely and without any sense of agitation... Makes my red white and blue blood boil I tell you that!	:) Sorry.
It fucked me up a little, I won't lie.	I remember reading that book late into the night and then thinking that I only had a bit left to go so might as well finish it. Terrible idea. Spent the rest of the night wide awake contemplating my own inescapable eventual demise.
this is funnier than it has any right to be. fucking lol	I'm laughing so much.
I was thinking the same thing.  I'm a girl as well. I actually saw this before my husband and was like check out this girls butthole! He's like WTF??? Story of our lives. I'm always showing him the crazy stuff on reddit.	hahaha same here, he's like I REGRET SHOWING YOU REDDIT
I'm not speaking for all bosses out there, but I'd have to imagine your typical boss would not want you to read anything sex-related while on the job. I'm not saying it is wrong myself, just that I feel viewing anything sex-related on the job would not please your boss. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Oops. I made a huge mistake, haha.	There is a difference between organism and orgasm. 
Rule #5: Always provide a source. Always.	Oh. Well I probably should have read them then. 
2000 hours? I have 77 days and a qp cape to gloat	206 days, 14 hours. not including oldschool.
Mate, you're a demons supporter, how about you worry about everyone in the bottom 8 and we'll worry about everyone in our half.	Someones a bit touchy on their loss.
'What are you doing!?' newlinechar  newlinechar 'What do you think I'm doing mom!?'	Actually her exact words were: newlinechar  newlinechar 'I fucking knew it! God damn it Valladian!'
Why can't a machine do that?  Serious question.	I really don't know. I just did what they told me to.
Do you have any normal sized clothes or do you only shop at Baby Gap?	'Are you insane?! Look at Jules' dating record, she dated Dan Remmeck who's had a six pack since like kindergarten. Jason Stone who looks like fuckin' Zack Morris, and Matt Muer he's the sweetest guy! Have you ever stared into his eyes? It was like the first time I heard the Beatles.'
hah thanks :) I noticed that after taking the picture... the camera really picks up what I don't notice	Yeah! That's a cool thing that I've noticed too! There's some great articles on CoolMiniOrNot about photographing your minis professionally: newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.coolminiornot.com/articles/5-photography newlinechar 
I was really relieved. He is such a sweetheart.	He will be glad if you can simply and honestly apologize for any true fault and then leave it in the past.  =)  In fact, most people would be.  =D
hahahahhahahaha........^^^Seriously?	Nickleback is my shit.
Did anything interesting happen?	Well I was hoping she would reveal new ARTPOP info, but she just said that she cared about the LGBT community and was performing at the iTunes Festival on September 1st. So just old stuf that we already knew.
Palestinian here. Family all over the Levant and some merely hours from the massacre. We want Assad out, and we dgaf about israels involvement, they treat us better than most Arabs do. Let's not play arm chair diplomats when we have no idea what we're talking about. 	Funny. My close Palestinian friends (whose family lives in Syria) says the opposite. He has not but disdain for Israel and respect for Assad. Everyone has a different opinion. 
I have to disagree. SC2 is massively popular in Korea ATM. The only 'stats' people can quote are the PC bang usage ones. Because of the demographic SC2 targets (young professionals who don't live at home) a good percentage of South Korea plays SC2 from home. They have no need to deal with parents, family, school, etc so they have no need to go to PC bangs. Downsizing can be healthy, sure, but SC2 isn't downsizing. Thanks to Blizzard intervening with their full support of eSports the playerbase of SC2 is as healthy as ever and is far from going down the path of games that ARE actually dying.	you got any source on your claim that sc2 is massively popular in korea?
what the actual fuck	Right?! newlinechar  newlinechar Is that serious?! Holy smokes!
Thanks man.  newlinechar  newlinechar Talking about anything that can be construed as a physical feat on reddit is going to be an attractor of downvotes, mainly because people are so used to reflexively downvoting the guys who respond to things, 'Bro, I could totally handle that shit, I was an elite sniper trained in 'gorilla' warfare, and I'm gunna pwn you.' newlinechar  newlinechar I think anything that isn't a joke that can be seen as boasting about something is going to draw downvotes, but a bunch of guys have asked for advice, and while I'm no guru, I'm glad I can help people make decisions that will benefit them in the long run. In the end, that's a lot more meaningful than my karmic ratio, haha.	&gt; I think anything that isn't a joke that can be seen as boasting about something is going to draw downvotes newlinechar  newlinechar This is such an accurate statement that it's sad. I see this sort of mentality regarding other things on here also. You didn't seem boastful to me, just honest and sharing your experience. I'm a female but I thought what you had to say was interesting, too! Ideas I'm familiar with, but I love getting another person's perspective. You got me thinking :).  newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Also, I think I pissed someone off. After I made that comment someone went through and downvoted everything in my history haha. Wow. 
&gt;It seems a bit odd of him to give himself a whole book + subsequent talks as his argumentative tools, then limit his detractors to a mere 1000 words. newlinechar  newlinechar Really, now? It doesn't seem odd to me in the slightest. I'm honestly surprised he allowed for that much space.	Are you surprised because you don't think Harris is genuinely open to objections or because you think 1000 words is more than enough space to refute substantive arguments?
Wat?	I'm not sure I understand the question either.
not in the laws passed here, it was touted as a union busting bill, but they stripped a lot of employee rights here in Indiana. We were already at will, but they stripped a lot of our ability to sue for wrongful termination and such.	It's still not 'right-to-work.' newlinechar  newlinechar It does mean you have shitty lawmakers, and that you should vote them out of office ASAP.
Sorry, am I? Haha. It's all coincidental I had no idea since I'm on mobile and rarely check the usernames unless pertinent.	No problem lad shur if you are ever in Ireland I'll hook you up I know some lads from CO nice fellas, any who things will get better maybe not decade compared to the next but century to the next century it gets better.
Haha, the /s at the end means I was being sarcastic. I agree that Reginald is arguably the most important player on TSM, even if he isn't the best mechanically.	Oh, I'm a moron...
Try getting the dumbass who ruined it to buy you another one?	Very unlikely - They can't really believe how much I dropped on a keyboard, and all our money ever is going on university. Yaaaay education! newlinechar 
speed mario. 	I'm currently working on Phoenix Wright one shit at a time. 
Couple setting questions: newlinechar  newlinechar 1) How often do Night Hunters go out past the wall? Is it a fairly often event or rare? By the sounds of it they also double as bodyguards for travel/trade between cities; is most of this horse/foot travel or more magically means? newlinechar  newlinechar 2) How do the populace view the Night Hunters? Is there much interest in recolonization or are people content/feeling safe behind the walls? Are they seen on the same level as the Garrison (guys manning the walls) or are they were the lower trainees go? newlinechar  newlinechar 3) For Divine casters do they have specific Domain restrictions due to 'Light' being the only accepted Deity? newlinechar  newlinechar 4) Core Races only or are all fair game? Darkvision races allowed?	Good questions! From the top then: newlinechar  newlinechar 1) Fairly frequently. Most travel is done by foot - Horses are a bit of a scarce commodity, and traveling exceedingly long distances with magic is infeasible, not to mention unsafe if it's not point to point. newlinechar  newlinechar 2) The population reveres the Night Hunters, as they're the only thing standing between them and a messy, gruesome death from the night creatures overrunning the walls. newlinechar  newlinechar 3) It's fairly general, subject to approval on a case by case basis. I honestly don't even think that the Darkness domain is off limits if you can justify it. newlinechar  newlinechar 4) They've solved that via itemized darkvision. All standard core races (Human, Elf, Dwarf, etc.) only.
You can paste images into imgur from the clipboard after pressing Print Screen.  Third party applications really aren't required, at all.	http://i.imgur.com/WHMYiP2.png
[Not that argument again...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A4VbOHvaPRc)	it's kind of funny because people will argue for american notation but the main reason we write down this shit and share it on the internet in the first place is to disseminate information for ANYONE on the internet to read so it really is only up to the writer to write it in whatever way he finds comfortable that is vaguely related to some kind of standard...
Party starts at 2, there will be beverages and ridiculous amounts of food. Come on out!	I'll be there. Just don't be surprised when I eat all of this magical pretzel salad :)
Oh god Rindge. Oh god I'm so sorry.	Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep newlinechar  newlinechar Dominos wont even deliver to us :(
:'( why....	I'm just trying to warn people of the consequences.  Imagine you find yourself in that situation: how do you know you pulled the tooth out well if you don't poke at the holes?  You keep tasting that metallic tang, is it still bleeding?  What if you poke your tongue in there and it gets poked by a sharp bit of tooth left behind.  You'd never be able to stop messing with it then, and it would slowly perforate your tongue.  Or what if you poked in there and felt bone.  Just the exposed living bone tissue of your own skull.  What if.... newlinechar  newlinechar What if you poked your tongue in there and felt something wiggle?
I like huge crazy numbers and spec lists quite a bit but honestly if the phone works well then it doesnt matter. So I guess I'm with the Moto X in that regard. The thing that worries me with that phone is the camera. All the photos seem underexposed and dull.	That is true with the Moto X's camera, but it could just be a processing issue. This can easily be fixed with a firmware update. On the other hand, the S4 does take amazing photos. 
How dare you! This calls for a WAR!!!	You're sooo on!! Prepare to witness defeat! 
Interesting, so where they following you around w/o arresting all that time to draw out your comrades?  newlinechar  newlinechar What kind of fake documents? 	Yes they took pictures and filmed me, as I saw in the trial, and everybody who I met during that time was questioned by the police. This was the reason and also to document everything I did, so they can be sure that I will get prison, and not some probation. And as far as the first cops were concerned, when they saw I was leaving their country, they arranged for the others to catch me. newlinechar And when I think about it, maybe it was better that they took me the moment I arrived there, because if they were set up to follow me for a couple of days, I would have been in a worse situation. newlinechar All kinds of documents, personal, corporate.
missed it ): newlinechar  newlinechar need a gif	I'm sure one is cumming soon. :P
Is this really your argument? We don't know 100% everything so we should just sit on our ass and do nothing while thousands of innocent civilians are slaughtered by a dictator because they aren't the same religion as him?	Around 90,000 people have died in the Syrian civil war.  About 1,500 from chemical weapons.  I'm saying that this shouldn't be the stimulus that pushes us into the conflict.  If you feel that the US has a moral obligation to intervene in foreign conflicts that threaten the lives of civilians, then that's your stance, and I'm sure there are many people who agree with you. newlinechar  newlinechar But killing is what people do.  Mao Zedong was responsible for about 76 million deaths, Chinggis Kahn - 40 million, Stalin - 23 million, Hitler - 17 million, Leopold II - 15 million, and the list goes on.  If you start studying history you'll learn all sorts of horrible things humans have done to each other on massive scales.  Now I'm not arguing that the atrocities committed in the past somehow excuse current and future atrocities, but somehow expecting that they won't continue to happen, or that we're capable of preventing them all is just naive.   newlinechar  newlinechar As for Syria, my heart goes out to those suffering in the conflict, but I feel no obligation to endanger the strength and safety of my country for them.  The good guy doesn't always win.
You can take it with you on the chopper.	Thanks, I never knew that. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Alex returns with his helicopter to extract the crew. They can either stay behind and try to secure the remainder of the cocaine, or escape immediately to the helicopter. **Any bags of cocaine carried by the crew onto the helicopter are counted**, so if fewer bags than players remain, immediate escape is advisable. 
'Almost' because she killed you before she finished signin the papers, correct?	Death would have almost been an easier way out. newlinechar  newlinechar Hell hath no fury like a pregnant woman who's emergency candies were eaten by her very remorseful husband! The second I saw the fire burning in her eyes I knew she was going to tear me a new one!
Or maybe its more common than you think, but you've only been exposed to porn with small, pink vaginas, big breasts with petite nipples and fake blonde hair. Women vary quite a lot in body structure.	[Precisely.](http://www.rooshv.com/30-types-of-pussy) newlinechar  newlinechar While looking for that I found [something](http://www.collegemediamatters.com/2013/08/22/student-newspaper-front-page-featuring-vaginas-blows-up-down-under/) interesting and relevant.  'Australian law states that published vaginas must be healed down to a single crease, which means that almost every vagina you see in the media has been censored and/or airbrushed — you’ll never see any ‘bits’ hanging out.'
It's probably an Etho fan disguised as a Telus worker who just wanted to meet the big man. No wonder nothing was repaired :P	Fucking genius that guy was. 
Har du halsduk inomhus?	Bara om det är olämpligt.
When the US invaded Afghanistan, the Taliban was the ruling government. It was the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan as ruled by the Taliban. newlinechar  newlinechar There was no other government there, so they would have to be the defacto government. If some foreign Government, or business, wanted to do something in Afghanistan, they would have been dealing with the Taliban. newlinechar  newlinechar The UN even dealt with them, in 2000 they struck up a deal to stop opium, and the output went from 4500 tonnes in 1999 to less than 50 tonnes by the end of 2000. It was considered unIslamic. newlinechar  newlinechar So suffice it to say, the Taliban was considered the Afghani government at the time. It should also be noted that at the time, the Taliban Gov't did not support Al Qaeda. It wasn't until the US invaded that the Taliban teamed up with Al Qaeda.	1. The Taliban was never recognized by any external organization as the legitimate government of Afghanistan. Only a few dubious countries ventured an endorsement.  newlinechar  newlinechar 2. United Nations Security Council Resolution 1267
When you take a look at the [list of countries](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pistachio) where pistachios are grown, it's no wonder they're expensive.	US and Turkey are #2 and #3 respectively, so that doesn't *quite* explain it. The issue is 'they take approximately seven to ten years to reach significant production.'
I see where he was coming from as well, it would've been debatable if not for those cringey little edits	The fucking last edit.
Logistics were worked out.  Or at least I thought they were. newlinechar  newlinechar My plane was to come in at 2:15, she said she'd meet me here then.  I brought most of what I needed with me - 2 fully packed suitcases with clothes/amenities and a carry on with laptop/electronics.  She claimed to have the apartment furnished, so I didn't think anything of that. newlinechar  newlinechar She just kept spinning the lie, and didn't back out until I actually got out here.   newlinechar  newlinechar There's a chance I do just give up and head back home, but I want to give it a bit and calm down before making any decisions - there's nothing tying me to that area, and a fresh start is appealing.	&gt; My plane was to come in at 2:15 newlinechar  newlinechar What airline? newlinechar  newlinechar Also, is somebody picking this guy up? newlinechar  newlinechar Also, contact the Stranger: editor@thestranger.com. If legit, this is probably worth some sort of an article, or at least a Slog post. Someone who leads someone on that far without spilling the beans probably should be outed. newlinechar  newlinechar Honestly, I'm not buying your story. There are too many people in this town who beg for money and lodging with fabricated stories a lot like this one. I do not put it past anyone to come on reddit and make something like this up to milk some people for what they can. That you would even come out here without confirming the details I mentioned in advance, or claim that a lover would play ball right until the last second even though she knew you would fly out here with allegedly everything on your back, looks very suspicious. But if you are willing to come forward and verify details, I can be swayed.
What is *Commentary! The Musical*?	They did more songs but each actor did one about their part then the director and his brothers did a song. Just basically commentary, in song form. 
Well pardon me for daring to reply in   newlinechar a way you did not find satisfying   newlinechar Should I start again, you gormless twat?   newlinechar Would you be happier with that?   newlinechar Let's do this shit again in rhyme   newlinechar (sometimes I hate this nick of mine)   newlinechar  newlinechar 'Holy shit! I'm stoned as fuck!   newlinechar And now I am shit out of luck!   newlinechar You know that job I really wanted?   newlinechar Well guess what - I've almost got it   newlinechar There's just one thing they want from me:   newlinechar I think it's just a glass of pee.   newlinechar  newlinechar honestly, dude: how are my eyes?   newlinechar How fast do drugs metabolize?   newlinechar Pour out that beer, rinse out the cup   newlinechar I'll whip it out and fill it up.   newlinechar Stop staring, man newlinechar You know I'm shy   newlinechar It's hard to pee before a guy   newlinechar You start the car and pull out the cupholder   newlinechar Once I get going I'll be much more bolder.   newlinechar  newlinechar The deed it is done, so wish me luck   newlinechar My future lies within this cup.   newlinechar  newlinechar We've nailed it, man - this job is mine   newlinechar We've done everything right and the future looks fine.   newlinechar At school they said I was the class jester,   newlinechar But let's see them laugh when I'm a drug tester.'	Way better. You rule. 
Indeed, I hope the person I lose to in the first round ends up the champion.	By the way your first round opponent dropped out and was replaced. Check the new bracket! newlinechar  newlinechar (Not sure if Knight told you)
Here's the list he posted on IRC, only difference is that the gtx570 can no longer be found, but I'd say it's worth about $140 bucks still. newlinechar  newlinechar [PCPartPicker part list](http://pcpartpicker.com/p/1yvdp) / [Price breakdown by merchant](http://pcpartpicker.com/p/1yvdp/by_merchant/) / [Benchmarks](http://pcpartpicker.com/p/1yvdp/benchmarks/) newlinechar  newlinechar Type|Item|Price newlinechar :----|:----|:---- newlinechar **CPU Cooler** | [Xigmatek GAIA SD1283 56.3 CFM CPU Cooler](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/xigmatek-cpu-cooler-gaiasd1283) | $24.99 @ Amazon  newlinechar **Video Card** | [Asus GeForce GTX 570 1.25GB Video Card](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/asus-video-card-engtx570dcii2dis1280md5) | $285.55 @ Amazon  newlinechar **Case** | [Corsair Vengeance C70 (Black) ATX Mid Tower Case](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/corsair-case-cc9011016ww) | $126.98 @ Amazon  newlinechar **Case Fan** | [Cougar Vortex PWM 70.5 CFM 120mm  Fan](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/cougar-case-fan-cfv12hpb) | $12.99 @ Amazon  newlinechar **Case Fan** | [Cougar Vortex PWM 70.5 CFM 120mm  Fan](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/cougar-case-fan-cfv12hpb) | $12.99 @ Amazon  newlinechar **Case Fan** | [Cougar Vortex PWM 70.5 CFM 120mm  Fan](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/cougar-case-fan-cfv12hpb) | $12.99 @ Amazon  newlinechar **Case Fan** | [Cougar Vortex PWM 70.5 CFM 120mm  Fan](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/cougar-case-fan-cfv12hpb) | $12.99 @ Amazon  newlinechar **Case Fan** | [Cougar Vortex PWM 70.5 CFM 120mm  Fan](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/cougar-case-fan-cfv12hpb) | $12.99 @ Amazon  newlinechar **Case Fan** | [Cougar Vortex PWM 70.5 CFM 120mm  Fan](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/cougar-case-fan-cfv12hpb) | $12.99 @ Amazon  newlinechar **Case Fan** | [Cougar Vortex PWM 70.5 CFM 120mm  Fan](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/cougar-case-fan-cfv12hpb) | $12.99 @ Amazon  newlinechar **Case Fan** | [Cougar Vortex PWM 70.5 CFM 120mm  Fan](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/cougar-case-fan-cfv12hpb) | $12.99 @ Amazon  newlinechar **Power Supply** | [XFX 550W 80 PLUS Bronze Certified ATX12V / EPS12V Power Supply](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/xfx-power-supply-p1550sxxb9) | $61.24 @ Amazon  newlinechar  | | **Total** newlinechar  | Prices include shipping, taxes, and discounts when available. | $602.68 newlinechar  | Generated by PCPartPicker 2013-08-31 20:37 EDT-0400 |	NZXT Hue $28 newlinechar  newlinechar Thermaltake Mousepad $15 newlinechar  newlinechar Getting all these parts without knowing what's going on? That's Priceless newlinechar  newlinechar /cue Visa outro
This popped up on my front page.. I have no idea when or why I subscribed to this subreddit but I've decided to stay.	Instead of 'facerape' when people leave their computers open, I subscribe to this subreddit from their reddit account.
It looks like it's three layers plus the hood thingy over the shoulders. My interpretation of the leather 'flaps' is that it's part of a long sleeveless vest. newlinechar  newlinechar I shouldn't be that hard to do. The thing that will take the longest is to get the leather 'edge trimming' on the wool 'tabard' and 'hood'. You might want to skip that. You could always fix it later. newlinechar  newlinechar The leather on the upper arms might also take some hard work to get right. Working with padded leather is hard work. newlinechar  newlinechar I thing you should do it. But you might consider some simplifications. You could always upgrade it later.	Thanks for the input. My understanding of those 'flaps' are that they could be part of a long cloth shirt. The site I linked actually mentions that the shirt goes beyond knee length, but this would not make them leather.  newlinechar  newlinechar I see what you mean about the trimming, I'll probably mod it so I don't have that on there, or so it more simply. I'm also thinking of forgoing the leather shoulder armour, but keep the bracers of course. 
You have to escape the carets [](/# 'Carrots? No, carets. Sorry bun.') to prevent them from rendering like that. Type it like this: `\^_\^` newlinechar  newlinechar Gets you this: \^_\^	Or you could do n_n
It's a design decision. They don't want people just silently matching up with others and teleporting to dungeons as it's done in WoW, for example. You still have to talk and socialise with your group and get your character to dungeons, which to be fair requires very minimal effort considering how well connected the dungeons are with waypoints.	During the design discussions on LFG, it was decided early on that we wanted it to be something that facilitated and promoted community, instead of turning it into a 'queue to play with people you will never see again' feature.  I think we've done that, but time will tell.  I'm extremely proud of the tool.
After cases involving Brett Stewart and Ben Teo i think he deserves the assumption of innocent until guilty. Plus that photo of the 'Bloodied lip' looks faker than a supermodels tits.	There's no such thing as consensual sex if you're a public figure.
Really? Wow, were you at the game today? newlinechar  newlinechar Also, I'm in North Raleigh. 	Not at the game, but knew it was a home game for NCSU (which is where I went to school).  newlinechar  newlinechar And I'm North Raleigh, too! Just north of 540 off of Leesville. newlinechar  newlinechar Happy to know there are other Raleigh ploungers! :)
I go a lot further than this. With nerdy friends I'm a huge nerd. With more attractive popular guys I act more like a ladies man. With quiet people I'm quiet, with loud people I'm loud.	Im the same way. When it comes to friends thats why I say im a floater. Im able to adjust my personality (while still being me at the same time) to fit in with different people and social groups.
Yeah, yeah, I know some of those words!	you  are a step a head of me then.
Some say he's still running.	'He couldn't get away'
I'm not sure about a comprehensive list, but every time I've been to the Honest Lawyer they've had free cover. Also, videogames!	It's a good place to start the night, in terms of being a student. But where is the best atmosphere aka where are all the girls and good drink prices? 
I do, I think; button-up t-shirts, band tees, and straight-leg jeans. Too short to ever be taken as being over the age of about 13.	Anything you can do with your haircut?
You up for a trade? FFF for some punkin. Small trade $4$ at ~$20	What do you have from three floyds? 
Yeah, she has nothing for me and then I went to the Lancer Guild to find I had to run around and do these side missions and now I can't do another lancer quest until 20.	Go back to the archers guild
It was a fucking rush! (and checked it off 2 days b4 I turned 30). Gotta figure out what I'm gonna smoke tonight now	I fell through a cloud at 10,000 feet, how fucking unreal is that?  Skydiving is one of life's best rushes.
Fun fact: The Mars Cheese Castle is our best weapon for scaring tourists away, and likewise is our only line of defense against Illinois.  newlinechar  newlinechar Source: From 'Sconsin 	From Wisconsin all I have to say is... newlinechar Where the hell is that the dells?
How does it feel to be 16?	better than 30
Yes.	thanks, i already did it for the credit, now to wait for pokemon x/y
Yes and no, I used the cryo pods from futurama as a reference when giving Dan the rough sketch.  newlinechar  newlinechar [](/rdsmile)	[](/flutterchill)Cool.
What does it taste like?	No idea, but I've heard that it's kinda like root beer. Don't quote me on that, though
Canadian, but I'm sure it's in America as well. You *usually* need to pay for it yourself, but you can definitely get rentals with it all included at just a higher renting cost, or negotiate for it with the renter.	Wow!! That's really amazing. I'm planning to move to America in a couple of years and that's really interesting. Thanks for that tidbit. TIL. 
That's kind of funny, because I learned best with teachers and tutors with difficult accents. The downside is that certain areas of Math, I still only can think about if my mental voice uses the thickest Indian accent it can imagine.	To be fair, I don't hold this against her because of her accent.  My (life-saving) tutor was Indian. newlinechar  newlinechar She just simply lacked the vocabulary to explain anything.  She would (stiltedly) explain the fact that enumerative combinatorics existed, but was entirely unable to explain what the hell it was. newlinechar  newlinechar Our lectures with her were amazingly short because of this.  They largely consisted of 'enumerative combinatorics is important,' and then explaining that other such concepts existed.  Never any explanation of what the fuck they actually were. newlinechar  newlinechar I don't necessarily think it was solely due to the language barrier.  In the few conversations with her I could understand, it was clear that she was EXCEPTIONALLY intelligent.  For her, these concepts were second nature and needed no explanation.  The fact that she lacked the vocabulary to explain them was secondary.  She saw no need for explanation. newlinechar  newlinechar 
I find it's actually more dangerous to cook with a duller knife than with a razor sharp one. I highly recommend everyone cook with sharp as fuck knives.	Well yea, I agree with that. It's just impressive *how* sharp his knife is.
Or more importantly, why should I be ok with people driving up the costs of my health insurance because of their shitty life decisions?	Do you feel that way about people that play sports and get injured also? Or people that were very careful to be healthy throughout their lives, so they spend 10 years in a nursing home, driving up the cost way more than the fat guy that died early ever did?
You mean you want us to win the league? That's pretty cool man, thanks!	I'd love it if both Tottenham and Liverpool got top four probably not gonna happen though :(
I don't think you can win it all with Love as far and away as your best player. He's a really bad defender and that's a huge deal because he's playing PF, which means your're going to have to find some sorta elite defensive Center to pair next to him. Offensively, he is amazing. Great efficeiny, amazing offensive rebounding, and can stretch the floor. That being said, I'm not sure that his shot-creation skills are good enough to be the #1 over a full post-season. I mean, I don't think he's a dominant 'give me the ball and GTFO my way' type ala Barkley/Jordan/Kobe/Wade/LBJ or even a peak Duncan. I think he's a guy who relies more on being set up. Overall, he might be better suited to be a #2 guy ala Gasol. He'd be a perfect fit on a team like the current Bulls.	Exactly what I've been saying! I really hope Love remains healthy and gets a ticket to the Bulls/finals. 
w0w s0 r4nd0m!!!!!!!!!!!! xd	*holds up spork*
Their work is reddit?	*RedditGifts yes
I'm 61954, can't fucking wait.  Following me paying my friend off for this Rift (he's my reverse layaway for it, only have $90 left to pay him), I'm going to build an NES PC, which unlike any NES PC before it, will contain an actual graphics card.  Following this, I will play through Skyrim for the first time, using said my Oculus Rift.  I may not come back to reality.	Are rifts compatible with xbox360?
not sure if joking...or serious.	[This is my serious face.](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/f/f3/Tin_foil_hat_2.jpg)
Watched it with my dad, he'd taped them off the telly. Gripping story, great tv. the penultimate episode ends with the submarine under attack. It dives deep to evade depth charges, and the hull bursts from the pressure. Tense! The next night, our final video with the last episode was dodgy and wouldn't play! newlinechar  newlinechar My dad died last year. newlinechar  newlinechar He'd given me the DVDs for my birthday, but we never got round to brewatch. They're Still on my shelf, unopened. To me, that u boat and its crew remains sunk at the bottom of the strait of Gibraltar. I miss my dad.	Finish it.
Do you have a source other than RT? I don't exactly trust Russian state media slamming their opponents...	I'm having a lot of trouble finding Western media sources confirming this story. The only other outlets I found for it are [PressTV](http://www.presstv.com/detail/2013/05/31/306366/turkey-seizes-sarin-near-syria-border/) (Iranian) and [Zee News](http://zeenews.india.com/news/world/russia-seeks-more-details-from-turkey-on-sarin_853419.html) (Indian). I'll try to find more. newlinechar  newlinechar edit: curiously, I found a [Reuters article about UN testimony pointing to rebel usage of the gas](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/05/05/us-syria-crisis-un-idUSBRE94409Z20130505), not entirely related but still interesting... newlinechar  newlinechar edit2: Turkish officials denied sarin gas was found:  newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.thetimes.co.uk/tto/news/world/article3779257.ece  newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/05/30/us-syria-crisis-turkey-idUSBRE94T0YO20130530 newlinechar  newlinechar So I guess RT ran with the story and kept it up to paint the Syrian rebels in a bad light?
He was a cool about it, fortunately.  newlinechar  newlinechar We don't want him to go full fapples	Yeah no we gotta make sure to only do it in circlejerky situations.
Not for [long](http://i.imgur.com/pp45BQ4.png)	that picture hurts my eyes newlinechar  newlinechar   EDIT: s
Throw £50m at BVB for Gundogan, worth a try at this point. We have nothing to lose... not even our embarrassment, we've already done that multiple times this season. newlinechar  newlinechar Or £70m to Madrid for Khedira, Di Maria, and Coentrao.	&gt;Throw £50m at BVB for Gundogan newlinechar  newlinechar For someone that throws around Gundogan's name so much, you should know he's been injured and won't be playing for at least another 3 weeks. That's an automatic no deal, no chance in hell we'd ever do a transfer for somebody that's injured.  newlinechar  newlinechar £50m for a player without a proper full medical? Are we Chelsea now?
Wait no I am confused more again. newlinechar  newlinechar The last I watched was the 4 episodes about Black Hanakawa and it ended with her living with Aragai's sisters because her house burned down.	Okay then you were on episode 4 of this season. 
It's big chair syndrome. Op is average, but his ass is tiny, he's overcompensating 	Is OP related to Miley?
my kids mother and my current gf are the only caucasian women i was ever in a long-term relationship with. i've dated dominican, puerto rican, and black women for the most part. and i'm white. i think it's due to growing up in north philly. i was a minority there for sure. the love of my life was a puerto rican girl i've known since i was 8. lost her to an od about 9 yrs ago.....she was the one.	Yeah I have a kid aswell, I'm also white. Love me some brown sugar 
We have a few Metcals in our lab, but otherwise it's the WES. I really like the tip flexibility of the Weller, but in my experience it's had some serious issues heating up large ground planes. I don't use the Metcals much, but when I do I love the tighter tip control that the pencil affords me. However.. those tips just don't cut the mustard for 0402 work.	The Metcal hook tip is amazing for 0402 and drag soldering TQFP/TSSOP
Still haven't heard a peep about Nightride since January. :\	On imdb all cast and crew they have a guy confirmed for the dj for nightride fm 
Question for people who only listen to metal. Is their a such thing as relaxing metal? If you have a headache and just want something soothing is metal an option?	I usually relax with Symphonic Metal like Nightwish and stuff.
What do you mean 'you people'[](/rdhuh)	What do *you* mean, 'you people'?
Ya i agree that is the right way to do it for long term results.  But if he really just wants to lose the gut and thats all he cares about then diet will fix that.  	That really depends on how bad this gut is. I lost 100lbs going from 244-&gt;144lbs at 5'10' and it never really went away just by diet alone, and I looked gaunt at 144lbs for my size. What I said is how it should be done. Hindsight's a bitch.
Every three-to-four seconds?  Try three to four times per second (as fast as the dealer can say 'pass') - that's how games always end up in my experience. newlinechar  newlinechar It gets crazy.  And crazy violent.  Loads of fun, even despite the fist I once had in my face while trying to grab the last straw...	In a big enough circle, the one who gets four of a kind can just quietly pick up a spoon and wait for everyone else to notice. It usually takes a while, which makes it even better in my opinion.
There is a difference between organism and orgasm. 	Just realized it. That took me too long. My bad.
I think he trying to point out that there was cobblestone in the shape of a bookcase.	Or that there's a dungeon in the stronghold …
It's been running trough my mind all week. I don't care who, I don't care where. It's motherfucking football! 	You are amongst like-minded folk, my friend.
It escapes me how people don't realize that scraping a fetus out of a woman's uterus might be expensive and painful and even risky depending on what state you live in.	Which, honestly, sucks. Uteri should have eject buttons. And off switches.
I think it's really quite close to the real thing. I haven't tried other soaps like this, but when I looked around for other people's opinions, they said most others aren't this close. Don't judge the smell until you've lathered it! The soap itself is quite soft. I cut the puck in half and mashed one half into the bottom of my mug. The lather itself is really luxurious. They say it's 'thirsty', but that's not a big deal. It lathers quickly and abundantly. At $11, I say go for it. Or get a sampler. When mine arrived, it came with a sample of Seville, but I haven't given it a go yet.  newlinechar  newlinechar I've only tried a handful of soaps because I only got into wetshaving this past summer (TOBS grapefruit, col conk, and QCS Iced Key Lime), and I daresay this is my new favorite. Unlike the QCS, which I also really like, this is good year round. 	Thanks for the response! i really appreciate your feedback. how'd you like ye TOBS grapefruit? That's the other one I wanted to try. I have hard water so I figured a cream would be better for me. Plus, I have a body butter that's grapefruit and it's the most amazing scent. 
And the new resource, 'Meld' is not going to change this. newlinechar  newlinechar What is going to happen is that on high difficulties, most of the time you are simply going to have to abandon the Meld. If it's difficult to obtain, and requires risking people, then it simply isn't worthwhile. Because of the focus on soldier leveling, those troops are not expendable.  newlinechar  newlinechar If a mission spawns where Meld can be obtained with minimal risk, then the player will capitalize on the opportunity, but otherwise the Ironman Impossible player is just going to ignore it. newlinechar  newlinechar The fundamental problem is with the way enemies spawn. Giving players an incentive to move quickly and take risks won't change the fact that the game's fundamental structure STRONGLY discourages that play style. To fix this, have all the enemies placed on the map at the start of the battle, and have all enemies able to move, shoot, surprise you, etc. Players will still want to keep it tight, but will want to move fast and get as much vision as possible instead of conga line three tiles for 1000 turns.	This is firaxis making the expansion though, and look at how much they changed or improved the mechanics of civ5 with each expansion, so I'm going to have hope for now that they can improve its issues.
Probably the '(&gt;_&lt;)' was doing it. 	Yeah. Reddit and emoticons dont mix well sometimes
luck/trich/julio/dez/cameron. not even close. newlinechar  newlinechar figure luck and brees is basically even, maybe slight edge to brees newlinechar figure cameron and bennett is a wash too. newlinechar  newlinechar trich &gt; lynch newlinechar julio &gt; stevie newlinechar dez &gt;&gt;amendola newlinechar 	brees is only a slightly better than luck? What world are you in?
'Excuse me, but are you Zach Galifianakis?' newlinechar  newlinechar When I was full steam ahead on my beard I was asked this while standing in front of a movie theater a few years back. It needs to happen more often, because that elderly couple totally thought I was him. I took a picture with them and everything. The weird part is other than being chubby and having a beard, we look nothing alike. newlinechar  newlinechar It was terrific.	. . . So you're *not* Zach Galifianakis?!
People like to actively pursue some type of goal in a game, and DayZ doesn't seem to have one. It all leads to getting the bigger gun and killing other players it seems..	As I've said if you go in with that kind of mindset then you are not playing games right especially not this game.  newlinechar  newlinechar The goal of Dayz is not the get the best gun and kill other players.The goal in Dayz is to create nerve wreaking excitement and terror(see quote from Barry Lopez's 'Flight') and to create an environment that encourages cooperation but at the same time rewards selfishness.  newlinechar  newlinechar Now I'm not going to say that Dayz nailed it on its execution but this was the point of the game or at least the best way to create an interesting game out of the mechanics established.  newlinechar  newlinechar Dayz does have a goal its just a bit more abstract than a list of quests/missions.
Some people are into humiliation.	I am too, I was making a joke.
Same people at every ELO dude ;)	Yeah it's what I figured.
Thanks for showing us your true self. You're beautiful. I was bullied relentlessly as a kid. I grew up thinking I was not good enough. This lead me to marrying an SO who was very cold and judgmental to me but loved by everyone else he met. I felt lucky that one of the perfect people picked me. I ignored how he made me feel about who I was at heart.   I read your story I feel the shame that I felt about myself that has effected every decision I made in my life. I fear you may turn around 20 years later like  I have and realize how much that Shame has damaged your life. Please find someone to talk to. Please so you can go on and have a great adult life loving YOU. 	Thank you for relating. I'm sorry to hear how things worked out for you. Shame is such a messy thing to deal with and we're true warriors for having to face it. I'm 22 right now and my only goal in life right now is to deal with this shame, and it has been tough. What kind of people do you recommend I talk to? The shame makes it hard for me to reach out. I relive the rejection and humiliation of my childhood days every day. I see it in the way people look at me, the way they talk to me. In the things they say and even the things that they don't say. I find it hard to find 'safe' people. 
Xpecial is fucking amazing on Thresh. He made it to All stars for a reason	This exactly. Every time I see his plays, I think to myself, 'Well, he did go to worlds.'
[](/flutterchill)Cool.	I'm glad you think so! newlinechar  newlinechar [](/c02)
Fucking- Pixar can't pull off 'real'?! Did you see Wall-E? Dark storyline aside it looked like most of the Earth scenes were live action.	An AI making jokes about killing scientists with neurotoxin during a 'Bring your kid to work day' and how the main character is unwanted by her parents is far from as dark as WALL-E was. newlinechar  newlinechar The fact is, Portal isn't something that could easily be made a movie out of, and releasing it by a company that only makes children-appropriate movies would be a disaster.  They would have to drop all the dark humor therefore losing the spirit of Portal.
are you in the US? didn't think they would cover benign removals...	Yes, I am. It's probably not far off to think that is correct, but if you have good insurance ($$$) and 'good' doctors, you should be able to. I originally looked it up online and found the documentation for my provider on the exact subject and the requirements for coverage. newlinechar  newlinechar It only covers the removal of actual breast tissue and not any liposuction, which is done a lot of times if you're going the 'cosmetic' route. But luckily I'm pretty damn fit (or else I wouldn't be here) so I don't need that. newlinechar  newlinechar Mine states that it needs to be a hinderance to everyday life, but it's description is vague. This is where the good doctor thing plays in. My doctor is one you can go to and he'll prescribe you pretty much anything without trouble, but I've read a lot of stories on Reddit where docs refuse to write scripts for things in the US. I also have paper trail to back my claim, because I first brought this to the attention of my doctor, on record, at age 16 and that helps my case. I'm 23 now. newlinechar  newlinechar With mine, you need to get your doctor's approval, and then the case is sent to the insurance company for verification. I had to go through the same thing to get my deviated septum fixed. You get examined by your doctor and they determine if it warrants a case. So...have a 'good' doctor. newlinechar  newlinechar Mine really is a hinderance though. It's not like I have huge man boobs, more puffy, conical nips, but I do have decently sized chunks of tissue. It's painful just slipping a shirt over these suckers and moving around, probably because it's so tight against my pecs. Also, I've had, um, secretions from one of them (yeah, I know). I was sitting on the toilet taking a shit when I felt some dampness on my shirt. Sure enough, I squeezed my nip and liquid came out. That was the final straw, and the start of my attempt to remove it. newlinechar  newlinechar My medical group has an in-house plastic surgeon (she's a regular board-certified surgeon) that is going to do it. newlinechar  newlinechar Basically you can't do it if it's only for cosmetic reasons, so being uncomfortable with your body isn't a reason enough. Your mileage may vary, though. newlinechar 
Thank you! My daughter sleeps in her big girl bed now because she liked to jump out of her crib. I've resorted to blockading her in a corner with chairs for her time-outs. Does your son cry during his time out? My daughter cries the ENTIRE TIME and hits stuff and its just a mess. I try to keep it down to a 1 minute time out but I feel like if she is hitting the wall or me when I take her out that I should just leave her in until she calms down. What do you think?	He does cry while in time out. Usually he knows it's coming when I pick him up and head to his room. I hate it, but I know he's okay. He's just frustrated. If I go in there after a minute and he's slapping at my arms or still being mean, I'll say, 'Okay, I'll leave you in here another minute then.' And go from there. newlinechar  newlinechar For my son, there is not really the option of leaving him in his room until he calms down. It used to work like that, but for the past couple months he just works himself up more. So I rinse and repeat, lol. It takes some time, depending, but results definitely start to show through :]
Fine, exchange the stick for an actual controllable group assembly.  Firing sequence is determined by the depression of the fire button. newlinechar  newlinechar In any case, you're trying not to realize the absurdity of Trek close quarters combat.	But yeah you're right. Some of the combat in Star Trek is absurd. 
&gt;he's an idiot newlinechar  newlinechar Fun Fact: Tk was the one who added /r/TheRedPill to the sidebar and as far as I remember ALL the mods objected.	Why isn't there some effort to create less of an obviously embarrassing clusterfuck of a 'conservative' sub if so many of you guys are unhappy with each other?
Not at the game, but knew it was a home game for NCSU (which is where I went to school).  newlinechar  newlinechar And I'm North Raleigh, too! Just north of 540 off of Leesville. newlinechar  newlinechar Happy to know there are other Raleigh ploungers! :)	Ha! I'm Just north of 540 off of Falls!  newlinechar  newlinechar Small world!
You have completely changed my life, thank you so much!	enjoy that shit!  I am not as experienced as others, w/ eating AVB, but apparently there is a sliding scale of how potent the edibles are, compared to how much you vape it.  green/light brown AVB will give you a kick in the ass, while dark brown AVB won't be as potent.  and make sure you finely grind your avb before eating it, because that shit is going to taste NASTY, so you want to dilute the flavor. newlinechar  newlinechar p.s. your bowel movements the next morning are going to REEK of marijuana smell; which is always a nice plus.
What kind of pickle/cheese combination, cause if done right... this is probably awesome. 	Bread and butter and american cheese. Or spicy cheese and normal pickles.
Apparently one of the couples I work with are on a first name basis with most of the folks there, so when I went there with her after job2 one night, went home with a free glass, too.  I like those guys.  And their beer.	They are very friendly. I haven't been there in a while and need to go again soon.
He can't get financing. That's immediate reason to get his deposit back. It's typically in the contract. It's not like he is just walking away for no reason.	The bank won't give you a mortgage if you lost your job.  You'll lose your deposit, but you can easily get out of the contract.  
I haven't played the game. Are they brother and sister or something?	NO. GET OUT OF HERE BEFORE THIS GAME IS SPOILED.  newlinechar And do yourself a favor by playing it.
It's basically him calling every person on your team who is pretty muscular a fatass and everyone who isn't a dumbass. He's not very creative when he's drunk and it's really stupid of him, but I laugh about it.	Sounds hilarious and awesome
When in doubt, [weeeeeeeed](http://i.imgur.com/Ezu9x.jpg)	Where does this hail from newlinechar 
CLEAN	It's queen to make it funny!
What is it about supermarket checkout lines that make you nervous? Is it all the gum?	I mean, I don't really *want* some but they're right there and I'll have a bunch of change left over anyway and argh fuck it's me next what do I do.
Ok, someone care to explain why there is a persistent, flashing A button prompt covering text?	Most likely a bug?
how fast buildings fall	welp I feel slow.
&gt; The uploader has not made this video available in your country. newlinechar  newlinechar :(	 http://vimeo.com/73295674 newlinechar  newlinechar this work? it's 'i don't need a reason' by dizzee rascal, (some slightly nsfw bits in it btw)
We of the male race were forced to sacrifice our abilities to can long ago in the great femme wars. You know, the ones that happened long ago in a galaxy far away. 	&gt; sacrifice our abilities to can newlinechar  newlinechar \*GULP\*  Is that really necessary? newlinechar  newlinechar 
Irony? 	I say Irony because I say that his vocabulary is remarkable but instead of a fancy word I use 'good' which isn't good vocabulary to bring up in a sentence about great vocabulary.
Not everyone fits stereotypes or 'mainstream' things within the subculture. There have been threads about it before.   newlinechar  newlinechar Maybe the /r/music or /r/movies subs would be a better place to get general music or movie recommendations, if that's what you're looking for? Not sure how much of a non-lady-loving inclined response you'll get here.	I honestly just wanted to talk about culture on a deeper level than 'oh this is popular' within the community.
T	S
This is heartbreaking… but I have so many questions.   newlinechar  newlinechar How did the police show up and investigate without a parent present? newlinechar Was the 2 year old also abused? newlinechar Where's the father?  newlinechar Is there any info about where did the girls ended up? Foster care or with family?	I forgot to add above that apparently the mom had had CPS called on her before, and I knew nothing about it, I also was a licensed child care provider at the time, so I legally HAD to report any suspected abuse. She had never had her kids taken away before. So there was already info on her and the girls. The 2 year old was not found with bruises, but had drugs in her system, they wouldn't tell me what kind. I don't know where the fathers were. My 'friend' made them sound like deadbeats. I don't know where they ended up, CPS couldn't tell me anything. 
Play Riven. newlinechar  newlinechar Win. 	Riven pls...
To be fair, I think that was satire.	maybe.
Nice haul. :)  *ESPECIALLY* with that White-Out peekin'.	I know! I would've paid $40 for just that one!
Please do, also what equipment are you using?	http://i.imgur.com/9rMaahv.jpg is higher resolution newlinechar  newlinechar I used a Nikon D80 and my Nikkor 55-200mm lens on a tripod. Then I took a lot of photos.
It does. Thank you so much. 	Glad you found it. Best of luck newlinechar 
Oh my god I need those pancake mixes. I never thought of making pineapple pancakes. 	Right???!!! I had no idea!  And I Love Pancakes !  Makes me wonder if there are other kinds!
not the worst way your dad could leave you sticky....	That upvote felt bad.
My husband got vaccinated for it when he was a kid in the Philippines (has the scar and everything) but I haven't been. We joke sometimes that if it ever came back he would be fine and I would be in trouble...not that it's very funny.	Ha ha ha ha ha haa newlinechar  newlinechar You got small pox!
Don't be that guy	My bad.
100 -150 dollars 	Wow, fuck that. Rite?
Are there any physical benefits to being a nudist? Exposure to more sunlight maybe? 	I don't know about direct physical benefits, but I think it definitely has psychological benefits. I know I feel more free, happier, and more relaxed and content when I'm naked.
Excellent suggestions, thank you for posting again! Dune was one of my favorite books, I had completely forgotten about it as something to send him. Are there any Christie books you'd recommend specifically? I will definitely send Martin's epic tomes-- after all, he's got plenty of time to read ahead of him.	For Christie, I would start with *The Mysterious Affair at Styles*, and move on to *Murder on the Orient Express*,  *Peril at End House*, *Crooked House*, and *Endless Night*. After these there are the classics: *The Murder of Roger Ackroyd* and *And Then There Were None*. 
I wear a hat everywhere, it goes beyond using it for shade. newlinechar  newlinechar I think most people just wear one because they're used to it. newlinechar  newlinechar I wear mine from the moment I wake up until the moment I climb in bed.	that's cool, not trying to hate, just pointing out what i think PlayerOneWins was obviously getting at
This pisses me off on a lot of levels. Its condescending. Fuck you OP. 	Your in /r/whitepeoplegifs, what do you expect? And I enjoy that type of music too so I see no need to be hostile 
What is the difference between casting and smelting?	Basically when you have liquid metal and pour it into some kind of mould then it's casting. While it's relatively easy to do with soft metals, like copper, that's not easy to do with iron and that's not how steel was made in ancient times. They didn't have the tech to attain the high temperatures needed to completely liquefy iron and pour it into a mould (like our modern industry does). Instead they used charcoal to reduce the oxygen from the ore and then pounded the resulting bloom in order to reduce impurities.
Tonight is sold out. Lots of fingers up in the lots. 	I bit the bullet and bought tickets for tonight and tomorrow about 30 minutes before the tweet announcing the sellout was up. 
You have my respect sir. 	I am a lady, but I will accept your respect nonetheless :P
I think we use 25% of our hearts...	:) make love to me. Right here in the subbreddit.
You're sooo on!! Prepare to witness defeat! 	We ain't afraid of a clan with a pink unicorn as their mascot. :P
I'll bet USC 	Comrade Kiffin out!? What are you, some sort of capitalist?
against c9! newlinechar  newlinechar ^^right	^^diglieve 
So what happened? 	As it turned out, I was really spectacularly untalented at playing bass.
Everyone? I think 40 minutes was perfect 	Pretty much everyone, then.
Wearing shorts = showing a lot of skin newlinechar  newlinechar Is it the 1500s?	You can see almost all of her legs. That's a lot. Not that I'm complaining. 
We steamed most of them. Broke up a lot and sold their claws and tails by weight. The rest we sold whole for cheap.	Note to self, never buy 'discount' lobster. 
Ok, I'll do it. 	Use your stoic bone. We all have one.lean on it, let it hold you up, make your best deadpan stare and grit your teeth and wait. newlinechar I have faith in you
*tips fedora*	The only good government is a dead one newlinechar  newlinechar *insert some incorrectly written Latin phrase here*
Looks Awesome, but it makes me really want a polo with that logo on the chest.	I'd get that. It's nice to have a simple shirt especially when most people from where I'm from don't get the references made often.  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: context
It's funny because the place is filled with fat neckbeards. 	Self hating fatties are the worst. 
Wow. Nicely put. Telling members that their deepest feelings are reserved only for the Church and its doctrine probably hampers appreciation for a lot of other, really beautiful things.	It's amazing at how much my life is getting better because of my disaffection. It's only been a few weeks...I feel like a child at Christmas time.  
And insane range ulti. His ulti always gets me. :/	Heh, the secret is that Garen's ult has a 0.5 second cast delay. If you flash after he begins casting it, unless you flashed over a wall out of vision range, it'll smoke you dead. Even without flashing away from it, it still has a 400 range.
[](/pretzelnom) Pretty boring. Just talked to /u/anuspony and set up for a family party. You?	[](/chibitwidash)Did some work, watched Red Dwarf. Also lived the stereotype and had some fish and chips. I've been in London the last couple of days visiting family, should be leaving tomorrow.
Storytime.	Member brings guest. Guest seems to be having difficulty keeping the barrel downrange (or his finger off the trigger). Guest gets barked at to follow the rules he's breaking. Barrel still gets pointed elsewhere, so RSO draws, tells the guest to get on the ground, and calls the police to deal with the guy brandishing a weapon.
*He shudders in pleasure.* newlinechar  newlinechar 'What's wrong with them? You want some too? In fact, want to become a full blooded Tilan? Don't worry, I wouldn't get rid of your Naga form.'	*She sits up and looks a little worried* newlinechar  newlinechar 'I don't know, would it hurt?'
Isn't it just Everybody's Golf in Japan?	It's Everybody's Golf in Europe, Australia and New Zealand as well :)
This troubles me. I'm a senior in High school in Alabama looking to move to Pittsburgh next fall for school. Penn state/University of Pitt are my top 2 choices.  newlinechar  newlinechar What's the best way to combat the prices? Aside from scholarships.	Gain PA state residency and go to community college for one year then transfer, tuition goes down
Awesome, I'm glad they appreciated you for it.	Sarcasm? Please be sarcasm. HOW ABOUT SOME FUCKING MONEY IN EXCHANGE FOR SAVING $$$ MONEY.
Seriously! And who are all these men who don't want to stay cuddled against the person they just boned, while they doze off? Do they sleep in a different bed?	My husband gets really warm after sex and feels like he's overheating if we cuddle after. He'll just sprawl out on the bed with no blanket and take a nap. Or he won't be tired and he'll go back to playing video games.
TSMTSMTSMTSMTSMTSMTSMTSMTSMTSMTSMTSMTSMTSMTSMTSM&gt; TSMTSMTSMTSMTSMTSMTSMTSMTSMTSMTSMTSMTSMTSMTSMTSM newlinechar 	**T** **S** **M**
Why do vines never work on my computer?	If you are useing Firefox they did an update a little bit ago that messed up vines playing.
That is the exact point of this video.	To make himself appear to have a mental disability?
u r a britfag	M8 im a medical marijuana grower in az, wot makes u think im british
YUP	NOP
I'm actually a girl. Does that make it any better?	....yes. The xbox and Guinness threw me off 
Sparkly turds anyone?	Precious poop
hahaha same here, he's like I REGRET SHOWING YOU REDDIT	I heard about Reddit from a local radio station.  One of the DJ's would talk about how he saw such and such on Reddit.  So one day I decided to check out this 'Reddit'. and haven't stopped!
OMG I must know what band this is. 	Aethyrvorous. An excellent Australian occult death metal band that only released one demo and then broke up/disappeared.
Nah, you just need to think of this: http://www.businessinsider.com/the-hidden-costs-of-index-funds-2011-7 	from the article: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; The study examines the ways that stock prices change between the time that it is announced that a company will be added or removed from a stock index (such as the S&amp;P500) and when the companyâ€™s stock is actually added.Â  The research suggests that canny institutional investors can make a profit in this period that results in a drag on performance for index fund investors. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar You do know that changing the list of companies in the S&amp;P 500 happens only like 5 times a year or so right?  newlinechar  newlinechar http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_S%26P_500_companies#Recent_changes_to_the_list_of_S.26P_500_Components newlinechar  newlinechar And that's out of 500 companies!  So only 1% of the index is exposed to changing each year, and even then it's only once within the year.  This is a hopelessly small amount of the index aggregate return.
&gt; Both gangs have their roots in Southern California, where young men seeking refuge from Central America's civil wars formed violent gangs on the streets of Los Angeles and its suburbs in the 1980s newlinechar  newlinechar Read more: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2405792/Inside-secretive-prison-pits-El-Salvadors-notorious-gangs-crammed-like-livestock.html#ixzz2db7kEDFQ  newlinechar Follow us: @MailOnline on Twitter | DailyMail on Facebook	So what? What percentage of immigrants are from those gangs? Where is the data?  newlinechar  newlinechar This a just a blatant racist intent to create fear around all the immigration issue. 
I like him	He acts like a rich little shit, and I do not like him. 
I agree with this guy , I started way back In the day playing BF on a PC then I switched over to console . You guys think that we don't know that our version is not inferior ? But he is right the amount of elitism is Nuts!	Sometimes it's deadly serious elitism and the person feels better about themselves when they do it. Other times it's friendly ribbing about the differences between the console and PC versions. newlinechar  newlinechar At the end of the day, it's not a big deal. When more people discover something, it can feel like it's starting to drift away from you, your crowd, and what originally attracted you to the game. I don't like the CoD style marketing and paying for maps, but I'll take it if it means more money is spent developing the game and there are more players to play it.  newlinechar  newlinechar Part of the problem is that BF2 had a really, really good community that consoles just can't hold a candle to. And that same sense of community never really formed for Battlefield 3. Part of that is by design, as the game isn't meant to last years and EA won't hand out mod tools. But part of it was the demographic shift and a lot of new players not understanding where the game's roots were. newlinechar  newlinechar I can still find some shreds of great community out there and have the game appeal to me. And console players can have their community and a game that works for them. I'm excited for console players that will get to experience increased map size and player counts for the first time. The platforms starting to resemble one another is a good thing for everyone. 
'Kneel and swear to the Lord Dragon'.....'or you will be knelt'. Damn that makes me shiver everytime. That may be the most face wrecking hardcore line in all of fantasy literature.	Alternately, 'Asha'man, kill!'
Yes, I do. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm really sorry about continuing this, but I want to know why someone would say that abusing an animal is better that having a starving child. newlinechar  newlinechar Sorry again, I just really want to know.	Yeah, there's enough kids. So a few million die. big whoop. It's been like that always, and it always will be. Besides personal beliefs, more suffering's going on in that abused animal's case. Maybe if it was abused children and starving animals It'd be logical to bother to try saving the kids.
Earbuds are just if you ever played on a Mac. 	&gt; Earbuds are just if you ever played on a Mac.  newlinechar  newlinechar During a limited time period.
She is the one encouraging me. So please don't be so quick to judge.	No need to feed the trolls.
You're gonna have to pay some royalties now. 	Royalties with cheese.
Athene's experience is limited to exploiting and getting banned multiple times, while being BM. newlinechar  newlinechar Oh, and account sharing which violated the TOU of Starcraft...  which he was then banned from.	I dislike him as much as you, but you can't deny that he doesn't have experience with gaming as a career. It's all he does.
i wish i still got a kids menu at 30.	My 12 year old and I negotiate.  He orders what I want off the kid's menu (chicken strips that don't cost a million dollars); I order what he wants.  We switch plates after the server brings our stuff.  This is my last year for this- most kids menus cut off at twelve and my 10 year old always wants his own chicken strips.
Well, take into account it's not considered that the PC completes all the quests, just the main ones (Alduin, Dawnguard, Dragonborn). I guess you should take into account of the Nerevarine [if he's still on Tamriel] since he killed 2 gods, an aspect of a Daedric prince and cannot die via age or disease. Also Divayth Fyr *should* be taken into account, though he may have been knocked off in the Red Year. newlinechar  newlinechar Also Vivec, he's mortal now and definitely high up on the list. If only Cyrus were still alive, he'd be the guy you're looking for	I'm not sure if the Nerevarine would fit his criteria since he's immortal now, right? Even still, I think that the Nerevarine would be one of the few to give the Dragonborn a run for his money. 
And they can make it profitable. 	They do so by sub-contracting to the USPS.
http://www.reddit.com/r/mindcrack/comments/180y4h/if_you_go_to_352_62_197_in_ethos_lp_world_you/ newlinechar  newlinechar same link, same title, same poster. 	Sneaky OP deleted it though, so the poster shows up as [deleted]… Very clever.
The Buster shot is outstanding. 	Thanks! It's the background on my desktop right now!
Hmmm. I see. How long ago was this last posted?	*grabs popcorn*
Me too! Ugh, I look so weird with straight hair! 	Me, too! newlinechar And when I got a haircut (a really bad haircut!) I told her it was too short and she was like, 'it'll be longer when you straighten it! You straighten, right?'...I came in with my natural hair...
A smiling moose.	http://i.imgur.com/cbTXATH.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/WHMYiP2.png	http://imgur.com/XJOaWKZ
exception, not the rule	It is the rule for well maintained motorcycles. Find another motorcycle with more then 20k miles with the original owner and all service records - that alone is rare. The only exception here is an original owner actually riding a motorcycle that much, not the fact that the engine lasted that long given proper maintenance.  newlinechar  newlinechar As I pointed out elsewhere, the average motorcycle sees less then 2k miles a year, that would mean the owner would need to own the motorcycle 10 years to get that many miles. The fact is more people don't own vehicles that long, and don't ride that much, and many don't maintain their motorcycle that well. Properly maintained bikes last much longer then you think. newlinechar 
Bread and butter and american cheese. Or spicy cheese and normal pickles.	Mmm, spicy cheese and a dill... I could hang. :) 
Does not deserve to share any title with Baggio, however.	Agreed that man was a legend, although I'm glad Tevez is putting up those results
Learn how to ask to make a head call as soon as possible. Oh, and just a warning, you won't get to shower for about a week when you get there. I cut my hair short before I left so I didn't have to mess with it. It was a good choice.	My hair is already super short :) thanks again for all the advice, I definitely need it
You consider disconnecting his other backup service, missing 2 appointments, doing nothing during the appointment, then rescheduling 4 days later *great* support? Huh...	Must be a Telus employee. 
That late? It happened at the end of Bake. I don't think it was that late in the timeline. newlinechar  newlinechar What do you mean an extra Hachikuji? They're in timeline B now, so the original dead Hachikuji doesn't exist in the first place.	I was figuring more that, while growing up, timeline B's Hachikuji, who didn't exist in the original timeline, would create enough changes to subtly alter things for eleven years before Bake even happened.  As such, compared to eleven years ago, Bake is late in the timeline.  I refer to her as an extra Hachikuji because she's alive and kicking and influencing events instead of being dead and only showing up to mislead people every so often.
I go to school full time, work full time, and have a half hour commute to work. I find the time for to prepare my meals and work out at least an hour. If you can't set aside at least 2 hours to cook and work out (which is 1/12 of your day) than something is wrong man.  newlinechar  newlinechar And eating healthy while maintaining proper calories AND having a healthy exercise routine IS the answer for everybody who is not afflicted by disease. It's as simple as that.	Your life is not everyone else's life. Hooray for you for being so motivated. That doesn't make you better than anyone else.
At least this one is mildly credible 	They don't think it be like it is but it do.
Actually it's a default sub now.	Doesn't mean everyone's seen it. I haven't.
Yes, he was better. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Why?  He killed a lot of people and based on his skill those weren't his first. Also, we know he was a crooked Philly cop. 
Did I just get down voted for saying I wasn't qualified to do an AMA?  C'mon, guys... :(	Just do one. You're qualified. 
He was Santas helper before he got his gig helping Maxwell.	Ahhhh makes sense
if you can say with a straight face chelsea didn't deserve to win that you game then you didn't even watch it. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVWNbD0pu9M newlinechar  newlinechar maybe not every one was a penalty but surely a few of them were	I'm not saying it wasn't badly refereed -- there's bad refereeing every week -- but for Mou to be claiming there's some sort of conspiracy is like saying the moon landings were faked. Obviously he doesn't really believe it, it's just part of his bunker mentality that endears his players to him. It plays well in the press, but the measure of the man's integrity is that he'll stoop to poking someone in eye to draw attention away from his players. 
brain rhymes with cobain 	Brain, cane, cocaine, chain, etc. 
C'mon, I'm an ally and all, but I can tell with pretty good certainty if a woman's a lesbian.  Just like I can tell if a guy's gay by how he walks and talks.  Nothing to do with gender, either- it's about behavior, mannerisms, and dress.	[](/frogout)
So when you're done newlinechar  newlinechar Doing whatever	And you're done newlinechar  newlinechar Screwing whoever
What I meant was, what if he fought TSM instead of tp-ing to baron pit. Sure he would've died but maybe he would delay TSM few more seconds just enough for em to grab Baron and get out free. Then again, they probably wouldn't burn it fast enough with Nasus not there.	Possibly, but they might've not been able to get baron down fast enough because they wouldn't have Nasus' percent damage from his ultimate.
Dat apostrophe.	You know what? I'm not changing it.
Am I missing a reference or something? I was genuinely wondering why he was a dick. 	I've no idea. I've loved him in a few different things, 44 Inch Chest was awesome. The Departed, Sexy Beast... Brilliant stuff. I was largely referring to your username, but in a childish way because I thought it was funny.
Most novelty drinks don't. 	theyre usually not for drinking but for collecting newlinechar 
Baptists are very into 'saving' others, they seem to believe there's a leaderboard in heaven and the one with the most points wins god's favor.	I, for one, can't wait for all the virgins I get to deflower!
Lovely sunset. Looks like paradise. 	Was a dream summer! I live on the other side of the world from home in cold northern Europe so to go home and see some magic like this made my trip!
How did he know you skipped? 	To be specific of military from what my grandmother told me before she died was that he was a navy seal (not sure if she was being honest or telling me this to make me look up to my dad or whatever I was only 8 at the time). But either way he had a knack for detail.   He told me (a few days after the fact) that he noticed that the Gatorade powder that sat on the counter was loved over a few inches from where it was that morning when he left for work.   Still don't know if I believe this but somehow he knew. 
Spasmotica sneaker... and it was a billion dollars, not a million.	You hear that? It's the sound of shit hitting the fan... newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar ......pppffftthh!
Have you ever been a parent or taken care of younger siblings? Kida, especially younger ones, aren't going to be perfect angels, and sometimes there's nothing you can do but simply wait for them to calm down. I highly doubt that you never had tantrums as a child.	I don't expect kids to be angels. I expect parents to *do something*. If your kid is being disruptive, don't ignore him and just go on your way; deal with it. Make him stop crying. If the baby won't shut up, leave the store until he does. Otherwise you're being a huge disturbance, and annoying everyone around you.
Even in a parking lot, people do this.  I just drive to the back, walk to wherever I'm going, and get there while they're still driving slowly around looking for that PERFECT SPOT.	When I was young and powerless, my mom used to do this with me in the car and it drove me insane. newlinechar  newlinechar She would literally drive around for 15 minutes to save herself walking an extra 60 feet.  (We're also talking about a woman who was so lazy she would take the car to the mailbox to mail a letter - 3 houses away) newlinechar  newlinechar As a result of years of frustration, when I got my license and first car, I adopted the same parking policy as you: Dart into the first empty spot and get on with my fucking life.
Ok but is it a restaurant or more like a marketplace or something?	Marketplace. I work at the deli/seafood counter.
You forgot 'Troll', 'Stalker', and 'Liar'.    newlinechar Because, you know, telling the truth about what goes on in /r/conservative makes me all of those things. newlinechar 	But what about you, dad!?! newlinechar  newlinechar No, dad! What about you?!?!
Thank you! Here, I'll host, those that wanna play, join in. I'll do 3 stocks no items, competitive stages. (FD, BF, Lylat, Yoshi's Story, SV, Delfino, Frigate) newlinechar 	Is it too late for me to join? My FC is 1720-5587-5767 and my username is GD.
Bragging about how much time you've spent playing computer games. 	The shit buckets are strong with these ones.
Take the academy road entrance of the 110 I think, nobody is ever there.   newlinechar ^^^^/u/Fustrate 	Discovery of the day: riverside drive takes you to the 5-110S interchange!
Nope! Is it just, like, Maruchan or whatever with chili flavoring? Or is it another brand?	I do believe it is maruchan.  I like to put in leftover diced chicken or steak and a little french onion dip with some pureed tomato stuff that campbell's used to sell
For them to overturn the call, they need to actually see the foot over the line.  The best angle they had showed the toes in bounds, and the heel likely over the line. But that's not enough to overturn.   newlinechar  newlinechar It's like court.  Beyond a reasonable doubt.  I agree with you, I personally think that he was over the line.  If it had been called out of bounds and went under review, it would have stayed. newlinechar  newlinechar Overturning a call needs to be 100%.  Not speculation.  Without a picture of the foot over the line it will stand every single time.	Well, thank you for your considered response.  newlinechar  newlinechar I'm still pissed off though.
YES, you are the winner of the thread.  Never heard the song but i like it...  RAMEN = GOD.	PEOPLE NEED TO KNOW THE TRUTH ABOUT RAMEN AND EGG. THEY NEED. TO FUCKING KNOW.
You can share mine. I'll give you the grass patch by the rabbits 	Thanks for your overwhelming generosity
The montage in Gliding Over All set to Crystal Blue Persuasion! Is there any other answer?	Ding, ding, ding, ding.
Upvote for mentioning Clone High. Super underrated.	I keep hoping that since Phil and Chris are having some major success with 21 Jump Street and the Cloudy with a chance of meatballs that maybe they can write/direct a clone high movie (I don't even care if it's direct to DVD) I just need to know the 2nd half of the 'To be continued' newlinechar  newlinechar Actually never mind ... the explained what would have [happened] (http://www.filmschoolrejects.com/features/what-would-have-happened-in-season-2-of-clone-high-a-rope-of-sand.php?utm_source=dlvr.it&amp;utm_medium=twitter&amp;utm_campaign=rejectnation)
[](/hitwi) I would have picked the rectifier 	I don't think I have that
Precious! This is great work!  newlinechar  newlinechar I took sculpture way back in high school was barely able to make a snake(-like shape).	Thank you! Well, a snake-like shape is better than a rock-like lump haha!
That Cuban guy	Would need minor league time. I was thinking more along the lines of someone we could plug in to play next year.
Do you prefer their deep dish or regular pizzas?	Yes! I tried one for the first time last week and its better than the hot-n-ready. I can't wait to start making them.
Why does a company have to show up to allow BYOC-attendees playing the game they wanna play on their own computers? newlinechar  newlinechar Only in Amerca...	What? Who is saying that they are not allowed to play Dota 2 in a BYOC setting? 
It really is. It will keep the rich population down by costing them more than they make. Eventually the bar that sets what is ultra rich will lower so much that everyone will make the same and we will all be equally ultra rich and have negative 10% income. Your move capitalists.	Income is theft!
Yeah that one actually surprised me that those kind of solar arrays exist IRL that focus the sun at a tower.  If you research the Solar Project you'll find that it is called Solar Two. newlinechar Then again, I dont get out much...	Not true. It's called  Ivanpah Solar Electric Generating System. When complete there will be three solar towers (Units 1, 2 and 3) that will provide enough energy to power 140,000 homes through steam generation. More than 300,000 mirrors are focused on the towers' boilers which produces steam by heating water up to 1,000 degrees Fahrenheit. newlinechar  newlinechar Quals: I did some work out there on the substation.
682 is a great example of what not to do.  Probably the worst SCP in relation to how popular it is.	I think it left such an impact because of how easily exploitable it was during the early creation of the Foundation. People have formed countless theories on how to kill it, and the article has become fettered in the canon of the Foundation.
I don't regret it at all, because in the long run it helped my dad realize what he had gotten himself in to. He confessed to me afterward that he was letting his sex drive take control of his decisions. He's Mormon, so if he wanted to get laid he had to be married. She turned out to be a psycho bitch who threatened to kill all of my dad's kids in their sleep. I was out of town when that happened, or else I might have been brought up on murder charges for strangling her.	Wow, sounds exactly like my boyfriend's mother. She no longer has custody of any of her kids and none of her family speaks to her.
So true, especially when they can still sneak in Karthus on Dyrone. Man, that was deadly. I bet you Vulcun didn't expect that. 	Nobody can predict Dyrus picks. newlinechar  newlinechar The guy plays 'trollo queue' while everybody is having a haloween party. newlinechar  newlinechar RIP [13 health pot Morde](/http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ElATsXxWJKs)
She was saved because she promised to let Amanda et. al. pull the strings on the MVP vote. She's lucky to be where she is.	MVP / Being the only sibling biggest target from week 1 it cancels each other out. 
Isn't 'Narcissism' a form of Psychopathy? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Probably not, but that was my impression.	They are related in that there is a difficulty in relating to others empathetically. newlinechar  newlinechar Getting technical, 'antisocial personality' and 'narcissistic personality,' are the actual names of the disorders that the field of psychology clinically define. To my knowledge they are both categorized as 'personality disorders' but I don't think one is a subtype of the other. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: For what it's worth, [the Mayo clinic seems to lump it in with borderline and narcissism](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Narcissistic_personality_disorder) newlinechar  newlinechar Is it bad that I'm learning because I'm starting to spot this more in people around me? * gulp *
They didn't get free, those are their alts.	Ah, sorry, didn't look at the screens and read it as them being repearled on their mains.
omg we are le literally changing le world from our seats! us redditors are so intelligent XD	Every little bit helps.
&gt; sacrifice our abilities to can newlinechar  newlinechar \*GULP\*  Is that really necessary? newlinechar  newlinechar 	That day, millions of cans cried out and at once were silenced. I shed one last manly tear before my ability toucan was wrestled from me and put to the sword. 
dude what	&gt;exclaimed OveMittened as he continually extracted excrement from E_G_Never's now relaxed rectum. E_G_Never's facial expression had transitioned from a then frantic fear, that had his eyes darting in random directions in search for help, to a dull, lifeless glaze, reflecting a man who has come to terms with his inevitable fate. He began to ponder the decisions he had made, that led up to this dire situation. Did he ingest too much fiber? Was this punishment for not eating his broccoli? Conflicting questions bounced back and forth in his head as OverMittened maniacally continued to roll his turd sausages out
You should've said something! We could've switched to a different phone line or found another way to accommodate.	I'm too Canadian to do that hahaha
That green GT86 looks fantastic. Which one's yours?	The Subaru of course :)
Actually I find that the comments are where most of the bullshit links get called out on. 	Which is pretty much the only reason I still go to reddit. 
Nine comments in this thread and already four dismissing the article how surprising.	'Reddit is piously racist, more at 11'
Minor in Consumption (of alcohol)	Minor, fuck, I majored in that shit.
I like to think that it means the fates made the decision for me.	Must of been. I accidently introduced her to her now husband. 
That's a pretty assholish thing to say.	I'm not too worried about it.
Rekreatur's bonus disc is pretty amazing. I almost think that being able to play straight Folk versions of at least some of your songs and have them be recognizably similar and still be worth listening to should be a prerequisite for calling a band Folk Metal.	I agree. It's also a testament to how well-written the songs are.
Who is Mark Martin?	On the money! $300 to /u/NCJake2013. You have the board, pick a category.
I'd fuck Palin, and marry whoever was the richest or oldest of the other two. 	Somebody is into necrophilia...
Thank you! Yes, that's my page. There are so many great sexy traps out there, I sometimes feel discouraged, but when I get messages like this I feel better about myself again. &lt;3	Don't ever let that discourage you, you are an absolutely gorgeous person, regardless of anyone else! &lt;3
If it's the middle of the summer and you're making comments about how this winter is 'going to be a brutal one', you're kinda missing the whole subtlety thing.	I think it depends on where you live. It would be pretty normal in Canada, or at least my part of Canada.
I'm not trying to be an asshole but you're telling me that a civilization that can travel from planet to planet using FTL or wormholes, or whatever, would go extinct from their solar systems sun/star dying?	I think he means that a civilization has to first happen and then advance enough to create the technology to be able to travel before the solar system collapses.
It just seems like blizzard makes the wrong decisions a lot of the time, and that they are just too slow to react vs what Riot and what Valve are doing with their Moba's and their interface. newlinechar  newlinechar It took them over a year to remove close spawns and put in maps that are actually half decent maps on the ladder or some that were used in tournaments. Combine that with a huge lack of updating the UI with basic features that made B-Net 1.0 so awesome, it just led to a lot of people turning away from the game. newlinechar  newlinechar I just don't see SC2 being competitive with FREE moba's in the future unless they adapt the F2P with microtransactions feature, I mean how can you justify spending $70+ for HOTS and WoL just to play multilplayer vs free games that are more popular.	I totally agree with your points. Blizz certainly could have done a lot of things a whole lot better. But, what we have is what we have. It's no perfect. But it's something and we need to keep supporting the living hell out of it so we can still see some improvement over the course of the next few years. 
Mustard OK. Ketchup not	I'm not an invalid, sir/madam. That's basic hot dog knowledge.    newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Although I ate the Coney unadorned with condiments.
Damn, you missed super week and the first 2 days of Pax????	Thats not exactly 'training' newlinechar  newlinechar &lt;insert joke about opposing teams being bad here&gt;
Why would you remove any question?	'cause those are the rules.  newlinechar  newlinechar If we just allowed any question, eventually eli5 would just be 'talk like a kid askreddit'.   newlinechar  newlinechar Instead, we want /r/askreddit, /r/answers, /r/explainlikeimfive, /r/askscience, /r/askhistorians, etc, etc, all to have their unique, thriving communities that we love and enjoy. 
It's a good place to start the night, in terms of being a student. But where is the best atmosphere aka where are all the girls and good drink prices? 	Being a girl and a pre-drinker I can't help you there! But am going to keep an eye on this thread in case someone has insight; I've yet to find an Ottawa bar with reasonable prices. 
&gt; martial rats newlinechar  newlinechar [Always the wisest of rodents.](http://i.imgur.com/jZhP9CS.jpg)	lol, whoops
Robinson isn't looking good? That's disappointing. Hoping he'd show out for UCF.	He allowed something like 5/5 balls thrown his direction on a single drive against the 49ers.
I'm excited, especially since the IGN guys said it had some Witcher influence thrown in there.	Nice, but what it needs is some Orgins influence and it will be just fine.
I agree with you about the name Jeeves being synonymous with a butler, but I couldn't disagree more about Cotton being a name meant for announcing.  newlinechar  newlinechar I just don't feel that it fits. I'm willing to spill blood over this...	Where would Cotton fit then?
I still would :)	and I think you also mentioned something about  gonewild picture ;)
Thanks. I definitely like how sharp and noise free your image is. I love the long exposure at night too. I've still got a ways to learn.	Best way to learn is just take more photos! I was fortunate enough to get a great tripod as a gift from my girlfriend which is essential. 
Nope; I run a GTX 650 Ti straight out of the box.	Damn. I've got the 560 Ti. Funny how quick something becomes obsolete these days. I need to upgrade lol.
That gives them too much credit. They're just poserrrrssss. Like those kids you hated in middle school for wearing Vans and not being able to skateboard	Oh hey guys those 1.0 gimmick brigade people were so cool, let's do that (again).
Ha! I kept noticing it on your posts - I like it! I'd never seen it before though...i bet I'll notice more around now. I wonder if your son will be lefty too! 	Both husband and I are lefties.  I'm curious if he will be too.
This seems helpful. I'm in the Philippines and they view homosexuality differently that's why it sucks more here. 	Hm...that does make it considerably tougher. However, my previous point still stands. I'm not sure how close you are to Manila but most of the country's gay community tends to be centered around it's capital. newlinechar  newlinechar Surround yourself with like minded people, and grow from there in a forward thinking community. newlinechar  newlinechar As for resources, there are organizations such as ProGay-Philippines. It might be worth contacting them at their e-mail, *progay@gmail.com* for advice, or guidance. newlinechar  newlinechar You can also try to reach them at their [facebook](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Progressive-Organization-of-Gays-in-the-Philippines-Progay/185005544845512). They also have a [blog](http://progayphilippines.blogspot.com/) which they are reasonably active on. newlinechar  newlinechar I've also found a church, 'Ekklesia Tou Theou' (Church of God), who are very accepting of the LGBT community. They are based in Cavite. Again, I'm not sure where that is in relation to you, but I'm sure if you needed some religious guidance or moral support they would be happy to help! Here is their [facebook](https://www.facebook.com/ettcog/info) page, complete with address and contact information. newlinechar  newlinechar Other than that, there is this [facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/pages/LGBT-Philippines/114649085224739?sk=info) which lists several other LGBT organizations and communities, most of which seem to be based in Manila. newlinechar  newlinechar I wish I could be more help with regard to The Philippines LGBT scene. Obviously, I'm not all that familiar with it. Posting here at /r/lgbt was a great idea though. This community is always willing to offer advice. newlinechar  newlinechar Please consider what I've said about focusing on getting yourself some form of independence, and sorting your education/career out. It is always easier to deal with these things when you have a stable home life, and a support group to rely on. newlinechar  newlinechar I know it will all work out for you in the future! Keep your chin up! newlinechar  newlinechar **Edit:** You might also find help at /r/gaysian
We ain't afraid of a clan with a pink unicorn as their mascot. :P	Ooohhh, you should be VERY afraid! You dont even have one! :P
Seems to me like the distances would balance themselves out.  newlinechar  newlinechar I.E: if the bases were 100 feet apart it'd take a runner longer to get to first but you'd also have more travel distance before a ball reaches a fielder's glove, and they'd need stonger arms to make difficult throws.  newlinechar  newlinechar Same with basestealing, it's already hard enough as it is of for a catcher to throw somebody out at second, add another 13 feet to that (if my math is correct) and it'll balance out the longer running distance.  newlinechar  newlinechar 	People throw a lot faster than anyone can run so the added distance is not equal.  newlinechar  newlinechar Even if the fielders didn't move an inch from where they'd normally play they would have way more time to make a play while the runner has more ground to cover. Bobbled balls would still give the fielder ample time to complete a play. Throws could be less rushed therefore more accurate. Fewer bare-handed plays would be necessary. That's not even considering how they could prepare depth wise based on the hitter. 
I'11 dr0p u m8. I b3t my mum's l1f3 ya ch33ky b1g0t.	I1 h00k u 1n th3 g4bb3r m8
What song?	I thought it was from futurama?
&gt;I don't think you can make an argument that he lost both, since Gil was pretty much doing what Ben did in the Frankie fight, was the aggressor but **was being outstruck**.  newlinechar  newlinechar LOL come on now	Yea I think Ben was outstriking Gil for the most part, Gil was just headhunting looking for the big shot.
The band was very fun to watch, thanks	It pisses me off that they rarely show the band on TV. It's more exciting than any half time show on TV (Except maybe TNTs basketball halftime).
I'm going to make a note of this for future reference.  It'll *probably* work.  Just need to get a girlfriend first...	I wish you the best of luck, 97.
Your steam name shows up on the profile tab at the top for future reference. newlinechar  newlinechar On a related note you can put skins on the steam dashboard [this is mine](http://imgur.com/j2H2MCt) newlinechar  newlinechar 	Wow, what skin are you using? I'm currently using PixelVision, but that looks fun and blue.
A napkin is your best bet, or you could just program it into her phone. Or, if y'all are being really cute and flirty like a 90s movie, on her arm. Although this does run the risk of her not being able to make it out later.  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: DISCLAIMER: Obviously ask her first. 	Don't write it on her arm without asking her if that's okay.  I know this is common sense and I'm not saying OP is that ridiculous, but there are people who would so I just wanted to mention it.
One think to note though is he matches up well vrs. some strong mids like qop because of snowball	Well... He can dodge shadow strike sure, but I think a good QoP will have the upper hand over a good tusk.
whew. gnarly. i was on about 800-950 mgs of tren E weekly for like 8 weeks with test e and mast e at 400 each. probly wont do that again.	Oh that sounds like good times to me! 
Worst QBs in CFB Bowl coming up next week.	Time for a fun 7-3 game!    newlinechar  newlinechar That game is going to be so bad... newlinechar  newlinechar 
Too bad we don't have one of those. We just have a pick machine. 	this is the most negative game thread i've ever seen newlinechar  newlinechar y'all are great fans
HEY GUYS, ON FATHERS DAY, LETS ALL TAKE PICTURES OF *OUR* DADS AND POST THEM!!! ISNT THAT SOMETHING WE WOULD LOVE TO SEE?	When it was Father's Day in America, reddit was swamped. So suck it up ...
How come I never heard that back then?! But thanks for saying it now. Seriously. That's awesome =) 	Maybe they were blind!? 
Do you hate yourself for laughing?	Fuck, I do. Asshole, lmao!
No, not funny. Beavers losing is bad for Oregon.	Agreed. C'mon Beavs!
[](/twistare) You can touch them if you like.	[](/futalick)
What? We don't have chinese restaurants in Turkey and you make a huge deal out of fortune cookies.	I said dude as in you are kind of missing out. I was going to write that but didn't. I am sorry I made a huge deal out of it.
Hint: is the system linear?  What does that mean about forces at angles?  What does that mean about effective spring constants?	I'm not exactly sure what you're getting at. The spring force is linear with respect to the displacement of the spring, but the displacement of the spring isn't linear with respect to changes in theta. This is really where I am getting confused. I don't see how there can be a general simplification that explains how a spring force (at any angle) is dependent only on the angle theta. newlinechar  newlinechar 
I honestly just wanted to talk about culture on a deeper level than 'oh this is popular' within the community.	Ahh, I see. Figured I'd throw out those suggestions just in case you wanted the broad view.
I could definitely see that. Scottish rite uses some Rosicrucian teachings but the Rosicrucians go far more in depth into esoteric studies. 	And have you noticed that you never see any conspiracy theories about the Rosicrucian? **That's ** how good they are.
but what about my life before alcohol? I was a textbook adhd kid which is why i have a fair amount of confidence.	OK. See a psychiatrist and get an evaluation.  newlinechar  newlinechar My guess is, it will be difficult to be completely honest about your drinking. If you are, it will probably be suggested that you stop abusing alcohol. Or, stop drinking altogether if you're going to take meds. 
Could have just wanted to emphasize her smile. I don't see how this is raciest. 	Look up black face in google images
They did it with the lightning connector. (And, by not supporting MMS at launch. And, by not supporting third-party apps at launch.)	I don't think the lightening connector pissed off every user. If it did, people wouldn't have bought the iPhone. 
I'm here, and I don't even use makeup. I just enjoy seeing what people can come up with, similar to how I enjoy painting without having any aspirations to pick up a paintbrush myself. It's an aesthetic artform. I do believe I'm not alone in this.	I'm sure there's many here who don't use makeup but love to look at what people do with it.
Fuck me. That realization just hit me like a tidal wave. 	Grab a drink and have someone else cook your food, youve been on one hell of a ride motherfucker.
And le unbreakab[le] nokia	And le unbeatab[le] le chuck norris amirite?
Upvote for bacum. Also, ewwww.	You noted my hesitation.
[](/ahambreakfast)Is this emote relevant here? I think it might be.	[](/hiflutters)Absolutely.
The title of the book is grotii Epist ad Gallos. It's dated from 1648 and it's entirely in latin. As are the notes in the front. I honestly don't know much about the book at all, I'm hoping others will know. [This is what the spine looks like](www.imgur.com/h0jE685) and [this is what the pages of the book look like.](www.imgur.com/Ne3VT6T)	I assume it's a handmade copy of [this](http://www.abebooks.com/book-search/title/hugonis-grotii-epistolae-ad-gallos/page-1/) newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: rebound, then, not handmade
I'm a big Civ fan, so I'm a bit biased, but here are my feelings on the matter: newlinechar  newlinechar I would say absolutely yes. Even if you're not that good in terms of strategy, the turn-based style lets you take as long as you like to plan your next move. You do have to start getting into the strategy a bit deeper if you want to do well above difficulty level 3 (there's a not-insignificant jump to level 4), but you can play down in the lower levels if you don't feel like putting too much effort into it (I'm just starting to climb the difficulty levels myself). Plus, if you can convince a few friends to get it, dicking around with them is always a lot of fun.	Thanks for the reply. Do you, by chance, know how long the Amazon sale is going to last for? I'm unable to afford it at the moment, but I may be able to in a few days. I hope I can get in on time! newlinechar 
Ridley will get some	He had 51 yards receiving last year. He wont.
I think it's just a glider.	Gliders are planes too, you categorist!
http://i.imgur.com/mYJFa.gif	Oh Bill Hader. I love that man. 
That is an example of an ambitious game that got dumbed down and un-ambitious.	so it was literally, too ambitious. newlinechar  newlinechar my point is that, something trying to be too ambitious IS a bad thing. Just look at all the bad press it got.
I do this ( + a little ) and consider myself a beginner in JavaScript... 	and there is nothing wrong with this at all, jquery really is an excellent tool and the community is generally awesome. newlinechar  newlinechar I would say if you want to improve your js try writing a Sizzle-like engine from scratch.  Sizzle is the  selector engine for jquery, the glue that makes the whole thing tick. newlinechar  newlinechar It is kind of re-inventing the wheel but I think it's a really good project to learn pure js on. newlinechar  newlinechar 
I was taken aback when I found out that the One Direction documentary was directed by none other than [Morgan Spurlock of Super Size Me fame](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm1041597). He still seems like a reputable guy, but seriously?	Maybe it isnt a bad documentary? I havent seen it so I have no idea.
Wellll for anyone who is going to google this, dont bother. newlinechar  newlinechar Its just paracetamol, aspirin and caffeine by the sounds of it?	I'm not sure what all is in it but it truly does work. I suffer from headaches all the time and an hour after taking it I'm fine for the rest of the day. Advil, Tylenol, and asprin all have failed me in the past.
Thanks. I will give it a try!	Well, ultimately the one that works without issues would be the best one. But yes the first one is the more desirable one. Better tone arm, counterweight etc. 
That's like the safest anime to say you liked dub haha no one in their right mind would argue the sub was better than dub. 	Gurren Lagann's dub was pretty good :o newlinechar 
yeah, she hires really good photographers	And she's beautiful.
Orange jello, 11 oz mandarin oranges, 16 oz of crushed pineapple. Everything else is the same. 	*nod* I figured there would be mandarin oranges but om nom nom to the crushed pineapple.
*RedditGifts yes	And are employed by reddit.
How do I activate it? I have a nice PC with high setting on but PhysX seems to be off for me.	Options (main menu or pause screen) &gt; Video newlinechar  newlinechar The option to select PhysX settings should be near the bottom of the list.
I agree with you about the elders of Zion.  Multiple investigations have shown it to be a hoax. newlinechar  newlinechar If people want to talk about what happened during the Holocaust then that is their right.  The state of Israel was under development long before WW2 and that is a fact.  Hitler did awful things that is a fact.  The US has done awful things and that is a fact.  As have the British and the French.  The Spanish, the Dutch the Portuguese.   newlinechar  newlinechar There are some serious inequalities in how history views all these genocides.	Certainly. You don't need to be a conspiracy theorist to find what the British did to be fucked up. They had their own holocaust in India and Africa. But that's hardly disputed information, you just need to look at the facts.
[Equilibrium - Kurzes Epos](http://youtu.be/zCWeufCP1Rc)	I think I flipflop on whether I like Kurzes Epos or [Mana](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgNoadKcIWg) better each time I listen to one of them. My answer would definitely have to be one of the two, though.
Truly the best parties. 	There ain't no party like a grown-up charades party 'cause a grown-up charades party's got wine!
&gt;this is a screenshot of six separate Metro apps up on two monitors  newlinechar  newlinechar who uses ONE metro app, let alone 6? newlinechar  newlinechar I just fail to see why anybody needs metro apps in Windows 8 newlinechar  newlinechar they should've made them only for RT, and brought them over to real Windows in a few years, when there are enough of them to actually make people want to use em	Any student who truly values their education should use the Modern OneNote app religiously when able to.
This was a line in the Apocalypse animated movie with Bats, Supes, Wonderwoman, and Supergirl. Batman's Supercomputer was destroyed. It prompted this exact exchange. I do find this to be a better execution of it, seeing as how Batman has already deduced who his secret identity was. 	I know.
I've been playing multiplayer a lot the last weeks (I'm at 15 weeks done atm), but I have not found a good explanation for the symbols players have (mine is 15º//). Do you know what the º and stuff means? I understand the 'player level' (total weeks survived), but not the other stuff.	The * thing means that you completed 12 weeks with one faction. Everytime you complete 12 weeks a * is added. The // stuff im not so sure, but i think it changes every 5 *.
I also built a crib before. Nice job! The paint choice, along with the sheets, add a nice ambiance. 	You are half right...my father built the cradle but I made the boy! 
/r/ShitCosmoSays is still hilarious though.	I regret saying those things. Finally I can say that, and it feels gooood.
I have a hard time when people say wrestling isn't gay... it's extremely muscular, sweaty men stripping down to as little as they possibly can and roll around on top of eachother in a predetermined, choreographed manner. It's like redneck theatre. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: I'm saying this as a gay man who not only loves dancing and musical theatre, but also watches a lot of wrestling-centric pornography. I'm not a massive homophobe.	While I don't totally agree... that last part reminds me of [one particularly fantastic episode of south park](http://www.southparkstudios.com/full-episodes/s13e10-wtf).
even though I don't think this hat will win, I'm considering rounding up 23 other people (the minimum for a group order) and seeing if they'd want to get these anyway. i would buy, and if you'd buy, then we'd only need 22 others.	what would it cost per person with just the minimum group order?
They have plenty of talent King Mo, Michael Chandler, Eddie Alverez, Alexander Shlemenko, Ben Askren, Pat Curran	They cut king mo, if Alvarez loses they don't want him and Askren is a free agent. Who does Bellator have worth a big acquisition???????
[](/chibitwidash)Did some work, watched Red Dwarf. Also lived the stereotype and had some fish and chips. I've been in London the last couple of days visiting family, should be leaving tomorrow.	[](/twicheer)Ah another brit. Now I know 4 newlinechar  newlinechar [](/twigift) What kinda work?
Sigh... these keeeeds. 	Keds were more 90's.  I think you mean L.A. Gear.
I really don't want to discourage you from getting a treatment that MAY possibly be a life changing (for the better) event for you. BUT please be aware it could also make things worse, I had L3-L5 fused in march of 2002 due to a injury and while before the surgery I was in pain, had some nerve damage and was generally not doing great, since the surgery I've been, to put it plainly, fucked. I had unexpected bone growth from the fusion site, that has grown around my cord and up my vertebra, to the extent where it has popped two more discs, and that site will now need to be eventually fused as well, and the growth around my cord is growing thicker over time pretty much guaranteeing that I will need to have a neurosurgeon go in and cut it out. My right leg doesn't have any feeling anymore really due to the nerve damage I suffered but the increased bone growth has also retarded it from any chance of healing. The donor site where they took my graft bone from has grown back oddly to say the least, and is causing problems from the growth, and I have bone spurs in both hips most likely caused by the bone growth stimulation. newlinechar  newlinechar Add on to this pile of shit the fact that I'm on several narcotics that Id rather not be on but will most likely have to take for the rest of my life (and these come with their own pile of joyous side effects, like killing my testosterone production, fucking up my thyroid, depression etc). This all happened when I was 28... I'm retired now, get around with a cane and a lot of pain on my good days, on my bad days I don't get out of bed. If I didn't have the support system I have I don't think I'd be able to have lasted this long. newlinechar  newlinechar Please keep in mind before my fusion I did NO research, I trusted doctors implicitly, mostly because of being gut shot and having been through a 100+ major surgeries when I was younger and having turned out almost good as new at the end. But after my surgery it seemed I couldn't go a day without encountering someone who had a fusion and had 'complications'. I wish I had just researched a little, now of course I'm a huge pain the ass for all the medical profession because I'm hyper vigilant about everything, but you know the old saying about horses and barn doors right. newlinechar  newlinechar Obviously you have to choose for yourself, just please make an informed choice and good luck either way.	While my heart breaks because of the shit you've gone through, I really appreciate you taking the time to let me know what you've been through.   newlinechar  newlinechar My injuries are not because of any sort of accident or episode.  I simply have the back of an 80 year old.  I have degenerative disc disease and 3 herniations in my lumbar area.  Before my previous surgery, I was unable to walk or hold down any sort of job (not many people want to hire someone who is hopped up on painkillers and unable to walk).   newlinechar  newlinechar I have seen 3 neurosurgeons (8 doctors and 6 physical therapists as well) to help me with my back.  The 3 neurosurgeons are all on the same page, which is comforting.  I know that the fusion can be very risky, but as a 28 year old who loves hiking, biking, and being outdoors, I am almost positive I will choose fusion over the life I lead now.   newlinechar  newlinechar Today was a beautiful summer day and I have been basically bed-bound except for getting ice packs out of the freezer and going to the  bathroom.   newlinechar  newlinechar Best of luck to you in the future.  Thanks again for telling me your story - I really appreciate it.  
I want eminem to rap about celebrities, gay people, and drugs again (that doesn't mean use drugs) 	He has all the skill to still be the best rapper alive. Just recently it seems like he doesn't quite have the same fire.  newlinechar  newlinechar I really want another iteration of the 'don't give a fuck' songs. Maybe title it 'I really don't give a fuck'
Beef	wow so such clever
Aaaand I pity any bunny who isn't meee tonight!! :3	Bah bah baaaah bah bah baaaah bah baaaah...
Truly feel like all the secrets to great film/script/story are written here.  newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.rcjohnso.com/Looper/Looper.pdf	did you see my comment talking about how i just said the same thing about your work?
Interestingly enough, my local public radio station has a program called 'The Best of Our Knowledge'.  [Yesterday's broadcast](http://wamc.org/post/best-our-knowledge-1197) included an interview with Amanda Ripley, the author of 'The Smartest Kids In The World - And How They Got That Way'.  I invite you to listen &amp; consider her opinions. newlinechar  newlinechar 	I did listen to the whole thing. There was not a word about money. America focuses on sports and technology, while the high-performing countries focus on academics. As far as I can tell, that interview fully supports my position. In the US, we spend $50 million (or $150 million) to build a high school campus, while other countries simply educate their children - which costs very little.  newlinechar  newlinechar I think it was rather pointless to 'study' those particular students: a young person who independently raises $10k to go to school in another country is beyond exceptional. And students from other countries attending a US school with 40 students is representative of nothing. newlinechar 
For all people who don't know. newlinechar  newlinechar The thing is a monster from Dr who, and basically they are EVERYWHERE however as soon as you look away from them you forget them and everything you did.	Also, since the moon landing, whenever you see one, you kill it, then you forget.
Haven't you heard? E-cigs make you look dumb.	Oh right! Back to cigarettes.
I'll be there. Just don't be surprised when I eat all of this magical pretzel salad :)	We say we're eating at 2, so it'll probably be 4:30. And then there is volleyball and corn hole so bring your game face. 
I started listening to him after the news of his death, &amp; this was the first track I listened to. It floored me, especially given the context.	long dark blues
Well best of luck to you! I couldn't do it. I have a hard enough time being *QUICK!*	I'd probably have an even harder time being quick. 56 yo and quick just don't mix. lol
Oh sweet!  I'm most definitely one of his sockpuppet accounts for sure.   newlinechar  newlinechar The edit was probably... around an a half hour later though.  the submission had about 25-30 uprons.  newlinechar  newlinechar -UncleSamuel	Do you get some sick satisfaction by looking at JewGirls when you clearly have racial issues with jews bipolarbear0?
I hope all heals well.	Thanks
I mean your comment about Reddit, not religious people. newlinechar  newlinechar 'When is Reddit going to realize most believers don't hate gays or atheists?' newlinechar  newlinechar You're simultaneously saying all of reddit has a viewpoint while admonishing them for the very same thing.	Ah, I see. I could have worded that better. Thanks.
Cool thanks.  Can you tell me who is wearing the Cap costume if it's not Steve?	Bucky (aka The Winter Soldier)
&gt; My plane was to come in at 2:15 newlinechar  newlinechar What airline? newlinechar  newlinechar Also, is somebody picking this guy up? newlinechar  newlinechar Also, contact the Stranger: editor@thestranger.com. If legit, this is probably worth some sort of an article, or at least a Slog post. Someone who leads someone on that far without spilling the beans probably should be outed. newlinechar  newlinechar Honestly, I'm not buying your story. There are too many people in this town who beg for money and lodging with fabricated stories a lot like this one. I do not put it past anyone to come on reddit and make something like this up to milk some people for what they can. That you would even come out here without confirming the details I mentioned in advance, or claim that a lover would play ball right until the last second even though she knew you would fly out here with allegedly everything on your back, looks very suspicious. But if you are willing to come forward and verify details, I can be swayed.	Southwest, and yeah, I have someone picking me up. newlinechar  newlinechar (Plane ended up coming in slightly after 2:15, but again, Southwest, heh.  Cheapest flight available) newlinechar  newlinechar I'm going to selectively ignore the other part.  Revenge isn't generally my style, and even thinking about it when it's this fresh isn't productive.  (By which I mean I'm totally dwelling on it, but just not going to actually do anything about it, because... she's not worth the effort.  Probably)
It's the art. No way an adult wouldn't know how that looked with the positioning and the short skirt. I'm sure they knew what they were drawing. People weren't that naive.	That's still up to interpretation. I don't know enough about sexuality in that era to dispute it, but neither do I think it's necessarily correct.
LOL at the idiots surprised by this. If you didn't know this beforehand I bet you're part of the retards who label anyone who talks about the **undeniable**  Jewish over-representation and immense influence in the US as 'anti-semitic conspiracy'. newlinechar  newlinechar See the comments I wrote 2 days ago: newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1l9x5i/christians_other_minorities_in_syria_fear_ethnic/cbxhzcv newlinechar  newlinechar And the comments I wrote yesterday: newlinechar  newlinechar **http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1les5r/kerry_syrian_chemical_attack_killed_1400_people/cbysz4o** newlinechar  newlinechar And this:  newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1le77k/france_says_ready_to_punish_syria_despite_british/cbysjed newlinechar  newlinechar Also the comment I wrote like 2 hours ago before seeing this article: newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1lgzwp/obama_to_seek_congressional_approval_on_syrian/cbz8zvm	No matter what's going on in the middle east, we'll hear 'blame the joos' somewhere.  newlinechar  newlinechar 
I'm not a singer, but it feels like Perry even sang off key with the girl so as to not outshine her.	Nah, she was on the ball. Besides, to sing off key would be insulting beyond measure.
Cranberry	Steroids.
As it turned out, I was really spectacularly untalented at playing bass.	Do you ever look in the mirror and wonder what could have been as you work your job?
Yes and it applies to overweight people as well, i.e. acceptance means accepting people, if that person is overweight then it makes it something you can call fat acceptance. newlinechar  newlinechar edit: fixed grammar	So you're saying fat acceptance is about accepting fat people, not 'accepting people for who they are'; that's my point. 
I was gone watching the Alabama game because I go to school there	Well that's a perfectly acceptable excuse. 
Is he good? Did we do something good?!	I don't know, but the screams of terror from Chiefs fans are encouraging.
I was told that one always makes covenants with the right hand (no one said why), and since taking the sacrament is renewing covenants, we should take it with the right hand.	This is what I was told also. It's part of the unwritten order of things.
Where do I apply?	Not sure... maybe just pinch babies on the street and some talent scouts will see you
EC8	EC9
Ugh... this is what happens when journalists try to explain computer science.  newlinechar  newlinechar OK, let me try and do a better job. First the examples: newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Rick Rashid was understandably nervous. As he stepped onto the stage to address 2000 researchers and students in Tianjin, China, he was risking ridicule. He did not speak Chinese, and his translator's poor skills in the past promised embarrassment. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;'We hope that in a few years we'll be able to break down the language barriers between people,' the senior vice-president of Microsoft Research told the audience. There was a tense two-second pause before the translator's voice came through. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Rashid continued: 'Personally, I believe this is going to lead to a better world.' Pause, repeat in Chinese. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;He smiled. The crowd were applauding every line. Some people even cried. This seemingly overenthusiastic reaction was understandable: Rashid's translator had come far. Every sentence was understood and delivered flawlessly. And the most impressive part? The translator was not human. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;These intelligent algorithms are beginning to influence every realm of life. A month after Rashid's speech, for example, the Netherlands Forensic Institute, in The Hague, employed a machine-learning system called Bonaparte to help find a murder suspect who had evaded capture for 13 years. newlinechar  newlinechar So far so good, many examples of soft AI working in the real word. newlinechar  newlinechar But here is where things get confusing: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Here, roughly, is how it works. Many of the most successful machine-learning systems are built on Bayesian statistics, a mathematical framework that lets us measure likelihood. It puts a number to the plausibility of an outcome, given the context and previously observed correlations in similar contexts. newlinechar  newlinechar Don't confuse Bayesian or other statistics with brute force machine-learning.  newlinechar  newlinechar For example, spam filtering uses a Bayesian approach to identify spam. This means that a lot of work has gone into fine tuning the Bayesian analysis of text. And then you give it a bunch of examples of spam and that's how it learns to identify them.  newlinechar  newlinechar This fine tuned machine learning is different from a brute force neural network approach. newlinechar  newlinechar A brute force approach is not fine tuned at all.  This is an example of the brute force approach trying to identify cats in Youtube videos: http://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2012/06/the-triumph-of-artificial-intelligence-16-000-processors-can-identify-a-cat-in-a-youtube-video-sometimes/259001/ newlinechar  newlinechar Four points about the brute force approach: newlinechar  newlinechar 1. It requires shit tonnes of hardware to do anything interesting. newlinechar 2. It is not very good even with incredible amounts of shit tonnes of hardware. newlinechar 3. We don't know exactly what it is doing once it is trained. newlinechar 4. Chomsky really hates that. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Now  you are asking yourself could be use a Bayesian approach to identify cats?  newlinechar  newlinechar Yes! With a bit of human fine tuning we could use a tonne less hardware and do a much better job. It would still be machine learning, we would just put more intelligence into it first. Also we would know exactly how and why it works. newlinechar  newlinechar Chomsky does not have a problem with that. newlinechar  newlinechar Now you are asking yourself, then what is the point of brute force neural network machine learning? newlinechar  newlinechar There really is no point yet. newlinechar  newlinechar At some point in the future affordable hardware could be so powerful that we could use to to identify cats in videos as well as a  human or better. And do it all with absolutely no extra human effort.  newlinechar  newlinechar But if we had hardware that powerful it is extremely likely we would have a true hard AI. And if we had hard AI we are well into or past the singularity and none of this shit matters anymore.  newlinechar  newlinechar But you can sort of see the elegance of being able to teach a machine to do anything just by creating a big enough neural network. And keep in mind people in the 1950s thought we'd have computers that powerful by the 1970s.   newlinechar  newlinechar And its is only when we snapped out of that dream and started doing smarter AI work, like the statistical approach, that we ended the AI winter. newlinechar   newlinechar  newlinechar  	I don't think that there's a line which can reasonably be drawn separating some class of machine-learning approaches that could be collectively-called 'brute force' and systems using Bayesian inference.  Bayesian inference, like most machine-learning systems, can be quite computationally-expensive expensive as well.
There's always a man, there's always a reddit thread.	http://i.imgur.com/XS5LK.gif newlinechar  newlinechar :D
My hair is already super short :) thanks again for all the advice, I definitely need it	Again, good luck! 
I think you meant top right...	I like the tentacle rape one in the middle. newlinechar  newlinechar Just kidding, I like the top left the most
Sometimes i take a hit, hold it for 10 seconds, and breath life into my SO's mouth as if i was her 3rd lung. She's tiny and easily gets high from this.	hold for ~3 seconds ... you'll have absorbed as much as *you* can, none will condense wastefully on your non-absorbing lung tissue, and *she* will have more available for *her* lungs to absorb.
Does a ruptured cauliflower-ear explode or what? I'm imagining they explode.	[They Do.](http://cdn2.cagepotato.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/15ebbd5.jpg)  Kimbo did this to James Thompson.
Have you posted in R/LOANS ?	No, how much of a chance do you think I will have there? I am going to do it, but am just curious.
Gain PA state residency and go to community college for one year then transfer, tuition goes down	So in other words, get my basics at a community college (which could be 2 years, easily. I won't turn 19 for a while which is the minimum age for an apartment AFAIK.)  newlinechar  newlinechar This would be ballin! Any community colleges to recommend in the Pittsburgh area?
'A tin can can can-can'  newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY.	Touché
.. No. Not water vapor, vaporized pig, VG, nicotine and flavors. Not just water vapor.	&gt; vaporized pig newlinechar  newlinechar The only juice with the breath-freshening power of ham!
Such a good show. I'm glad I caught this reference immediately	The name Blanche was a dead giveaway.
esports is saved thank you bombgod	based
http://imgur.com/XJOaWKZ	http://i.imgur.com/PK1L4R3.png
ad space newlinechar 	Which there really isn't much of any on on redditgifts. None of it is external to us at this point either.
Yeah I have a kid aswell, I'm also white. Love me some brown sugar 	it's funny bc my current girlfriend never worries if she sees me talking to a white girl, but she gets really bent if i'm talking to a hispanic/black girl. i'm not a cheater anyway but it's funny when it happens...lol
In Alberta, the Newfoundland section is in the 'Asian Foods' Aisle.  newlinechar 	I'll be looking, but I have never seen this anyplace in Calgary. newlinechar  newlinechar But I'm looking forward to asking directions to the Newfie section.
It actually works well especially in a tall pot doing a ten gallon batch.  5-gallon batches it works, but a lot of copper is just sitting in the air.   newlinechar  newlinechar I plan on getting one a well made one that doesn't look so goofy but I never can bring myself to do it.  It's not money, but more so that I feel like I'm abandoning it just because it's ugly.	If you get a new one, I'll take that old thing off your hands for you, free of charge. newlinechar  newlinechar It has character, keep it. Spend that money on more carboys.
OP placed he vines. If they were natural, they would be the jungle green or the swampy brownish green. Instead it's the snowbiome's faded green. The vines would also be several blocks long, as they generate in the world greater than one block long.	For one, blocks such as leaves, grass and vines adopt the biome color of the biome they are placed in, whether naturally generated or not. newlinechar  newlinechar Two, from my knowledge of vines, the game chooses random places to spawn them, and they grow over time, making them appear as if they were spawned in clumps. newlinechar  newlinechar Three, I promise you I did not place the vines or the spawner. While I was walking towards the area it was night time and my first instinct was to light it up and check out the chests, but after that I decided to take a picture of this rare occurance where a spawner spawns both on ground level, and adopts the vines of the jungle biome to give it a more eerie feel.
I am always near my phone.... so send an e-mail??????	She might have an iPhone, mine beeps when I get e-mails.
Well it's not a big deal because there's a villager I randomly got that I want to kick out. I can do the trade, kick the other villager out, then try to get carmen out. Though it might be hard to kick the villager I don't like out since they just moved in but I can try	If you want to get rid of that villager anyway, then give it a try :) I'll have Diana for the next few hours at least so I'm not too concerned.
I approve of the racist joke. and the job joke. I can relate to both.	and the burning mouth joke. Burning your tongue is the worst. Fuck that
You are Byzantium?	Yeah
I am not into games like that, but maybe you would try guncraft or minecraft.  So yea, I am very impatient, keep that in mind.	I've played minecraft. I like it, but I don't mind being patient with something. I'm also interested in the mods section of everything. So that sounds fun.
 /u/supernovaeyes What is your favorite color(colour)?	I would have to say ornge(orange). Did you drop a vowel somewhere? ;)
You don't like 'How to Train Your Dragon'?	I must be honest, that one was better. But I consider it unorthodox for Dreamworks ;)
Wenger just goes into shock whenever he thinks about Drogba. newlinechar  newlinechar Fucking Drogba.	Fucking Drogba indeed.
I'm not sure if the Nerevarine would fit his criteria since he's immortal now, right? Even still, I think that the Nerevarine would be one of the few to give the Dragonborn a run for his money. 	He's not immortal, he just can't die via age/disease. Chop his head off and he's still gonna die.
KT horde has always been like this. Alliance dominate that server. newlinechar 	KT Horde wasn't really packed, but it definitely wasn't this bad... It's kind of depressing to see. This was my first server, it's where WoW all started for me :(
Sneaky OP deleted it though, so the poster shows up as [deleted]… Very clever.	not hard to guess that the guy replying to every comment is OP, though newlinechar  newlinechar Where you is, /u/noerdy? come &amp; let us shame you
I think Derpy as a Mailpony came from her being part of a moving team, but I'm not certain... newlinechar  newlinechar We don't really have any concrete facts about Celestia and Luna's past, including their birth year. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm assuming the Pegasus you're talking about is [Surprise](http://fc09.deviantart.net/fs70/i/2012/319/d/7/surprise__by_emedina13-d5l4phz.png), who was supposed to be Pinkie Pie's original form but the creators couldn't get the rights to include her as she was based on a pony from a previous generation.  newlinechar  newlinechar I think Bits are the only currency we've seen.	Quick copy-paste of the last time the Derpy mail-mare question came up: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; The earliest mention I can find of Derpy (then also known as 'Bright Eyes') as a mailmare was in a [small fan-story by 'Manefag'](http://i.imgur.com/TZgFsbP.jpg) (verified by the [MLP General Archive](http://arch.413chan.net/co21205503.html#21206638)) in November 2010, three months before Feeling Pinkie Keen. [Other stories](http://i.imgur.com/uANmWww.png) and [fanart](http://arch.413chan.net/co22099245.html#22101077) of her as a mail carrier appear before then, too.
Was he from an Italian family? For some reason that's what I pictured in my head while I was reading.	Nope. Dutch. But I can see how you would think that. They would hang out all the time and party together. They had a family drinking song they would sing and everything. Real pack of fucking weirdos. It was like a fraternity but with your mom and dad there...
I may be wrong but I believe that each server has its own trading post. So chinese servers wont merge with each other's trading posts, let alone NA or EU servers.	NA and EU have a combined Trading Post, but it's reasonable to expect that China's severs will be mostly separate due the need for KongZhong's involvement, China's Internet laws, and the fact that the availability of items and the game itself may be different in China.
Any better quality versions?	Best I could find, but there's a spot on my wall for an HD version!
I'm curious. Do you know how much farther the manga is compared to the anime? I can't wait for the next episode.	This one covered chapter 29 I think and there's 48 in total.
Sound effect 1. Used to get people's attention for key strategic moments in battle if used properly. In this case, it seems it was used to annoy the hell out of someone who is trying to enjoy the game's excellent cut scene (presumably trying to rush the person in cut scene).	What a dick move. 
Typically when playing against Megatron there is a safety whose job is to SPECIFICALLY help over the top on Megatron. I specifically remember Cook getting little to no help on most plays.  newlinechar  newlinechar And that rule seemed to have little affect on Megatron, so I don't get why you're bringing it up here...	Don't argue with him, he's never going to admit that the almighty Megatron can be held in check.
Welcome to the city! Try not to get hit by a transvestite on a bicycle.	Thanks!
Shitty place full of shitty people with shitty values. If you're a rapist though, go there, they'll throw the victim in jail so you can just keep on raping. Not to mention the only reason it exists is because they essentially enslaved a bunch of Indian workers and paid them shit.	Couldn't one argue that only reason the US is well off is because of slavery?
why the down votes, he speaks the truth. Pirating doesn't hurt anyone. just look at Game of thrones, most pirated show in tv history and its still making mad amounts of money.	It may not hurt big budget AAA companies much, but indie studios get hit hard by piracy.
I wish that Netflix was allowed on non-gold accounts, but I would really like if Gold Members got Netflix for free. If I'm willing to pay $60 a year of a service, Netflix should be included. 	Netflix is more than that on its own!
CoD was fun back then.... 	Back when recoil didn't really exist.
And what evidence is that?	Is that a serious question or are looking to exhaust the creationism v evolution etc. debates even further?
Yes. 13-year-old me would have been in love with you. newlinechar  newlinechar Today's 13-year-olds have Justin Bieber, I had James Marsters. Other than that there is definitely no comparison.	I think you were much better off with James Marsters. Makes me feel good, too! Thank you for that. 
With incredibly poor acting.	That were filmed during Kirk's era.
. . . So you're *not* Zach Galifianakis?!	Of course I am. Just don't let anyone else know.
Well, I mentioned the three inches, I'm aware of the cup size difference. But three cup sizes, three inches isn't going to triple the weight of breasts. There's no way that I'd be at four pounds of boob, and you at fifteen--because you're saying each cup size difference between us adds four pounds of boob. So, anyone smaller than me suddenly has weightless boobs! Which doesn't make sense. That's just not how mass works. newlinechar  newlinechar I think people just really overestimate the weight of things. Yes, breast glands will be different, but look at [how freaking big](http://theheavyhipster.files.wordpress.com/2011/05/img_1749.jpg) five pounds of fat really is. newlinechar  newlinechar For comparison, a *brick*, which weighs about five pounds, has the equivalent volume, if it were a pair of boobs, to somewhere between a 30G and 30GG. So unless you think your boobs are three times as dense as *bricks*, there is absolutely no way it works. Boobs float in water, they just aren't that heavy/dense.	Breasts are composed of more than fat. While not the most scientific way, I had a scale put on a counter and just kinda flopped my boobs on it. No leaning down, no hands on the scale etc. I also have a lot of fibrous tissue in my breasts which is why I think they weigh that much. 
[](/tsannoyed) And then if you say 'literally' in a case where they would expect you to be speaking figuratively, they'll assume you're being figurative. The word loses some of its power. newlinechar  newlinechar What annoys me about all of this is that we *already* have words for emphasis, and now we're turning a special assumption-overriding word into a mere term of emphasis, and there isn't really any other word to replace its role. newlinechar  newlinechar I don't blindly try to perserve the status quo -- I just want a decently-structured language. newlinechar  newlinechar On that note, does anyone feel like trying to introduce some new words for cases where you'd expect a remark to be an exxageration, metaphor, similie, analogy, etc, where in fact it accurately describes what happened when taken at face value?	You can use context and other words to get your meaning across. You don't have to rely on a single word to get your meaning across. newlinechar  newlinechar Also you seem to think that this is a new phenomenon in language, or that it has been  somehow deliberately inserted into it. The first recorded usage of 'literally' used to mean 'figuratively' is from the late 1760's.  newlinechar  newlinechar How come you don't have a problem with other words that have two opposite meanings, such as 'to dust' or 'to cleave'?
Au contraire, why would one disagree OP. Yeah, it isn't worded as best as it could be, but society allows people of one race to act one way that another race can't. If one wants to break down racism, they must break it down on all sides, not pick and choose based on race. Otherwise, you are supporting more racism.	That's not what racism is. Telling a white person that it is unacceptable to say the n-word is NOT racism. To call it such only trivializes actual instances of discrimination and oppression based on racial categorization.  
He will be glad if you can simply and honestly apologize for any true fault and then leave it in the past.  =)  In fact, most people would be.  =D	Thank you. :)
Don't blame Blizzard for stagnate maps. They wanted more varied maps and the community and pro players pretty much lynched them for it.	I CAN blame blizzard for stagnant maps because rather than changing the races (really just zerg, maybe a bit of toss) so that they had options aside from just get on three base then macro, they chose to go the easy route of map balance. newlinechar  newlinechar For instance, remember when naturals had high ground near them? You know why those are gone? Because zerg had no pre-lair drops or range units outside of queens and spines so they had absolutely no way to deal with these strats. Rather than address this problem with the zerg race, blizz decided okay then, no more high ground at the naturals. newlinechar  newlinechar A fear of making big sweeping changes during the 'beta' led to the stagnation you saw at the end of WoL.
As long as we get special ladder only items, I'm all for it. There should be more to ladder than just the leveling race.	There will be---Fresh wipes of the economy! Which was my number 1 issue with Diablo 3 currently. The economy. Is. Fucked
Seriously. They said it is his thigh?	I don't know. Bdubs doesn't have sound. Sorry
He looks like a Klingon.	Gul thecat newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar (I know gul decaut was a cardassian)
How could I ever forget you???? You're freaking amazing! :)	Staaaaaahp! :*)
S	M
1) Classy Reddit username newlinechar  newlinechar 2) Duck fan (most likely doesn't live in Oregon or attend/attended UofO) newlinechar  newlinechar 3) Talks shit like he has anything to do with the Duck's success. 	please keep reporting these types of things, its the easiest way for us mods to remove them.
NOP	NOPNOPNOPNOPNOP
It is so worth it - the sandbox gamemode is so much fun, the game is really crazy. newlinechar  newlinechar It also has an amazing amount of mods to keep you entertained, a big community, and lots of gamemodes. newlinechar  newlinechar There's lots of crazy things to do, but if you feel like something different you can try out other gamemodes like TTT (Trouble in Terrorist Town), DarkRP, Zombie Survival, and loads more community made gamemodes. newlinechar  newlinechar There's a huge amount of reasons to play and keep playing - you can also mount other source games to Garry's Mod - so you can use CS:S weapons in Garry's Mod, for example. newlinechar  newlinechar I've played over 2000 hours of it, it's an amazing game.	Just looked up some videos (ex/ TTT, Zombie survival)... Jesus I need this game. The only problem is I haven't been able to find it cheaper than 10$ on steam. newlinechar  newlinechar *Edit-* I just realized I had a friend gift me CS:S a while ago. So that'll add quite a bit more to do!
Ahh, I see. Figured I'd throw out those suggestions just in case you wanted the broad view.	Pretty much exactly what I don't want. Finding good music I can relate to, good movies.. Things that are interesting and unknown - and pertaining to sexuality or gender identity is nearly never found on general messageboards. newlinechar  newlinechar Which is understandable really, it's less known often because it lacks the broad appeal.
What makes you think that?  What's stopping them from just releasing volumes 13 and 14 as a 2-in-1 to go along with the other volumes?	Because the 3-in-1 editions say 'EVANGELION' across the top and the word is completed.
I don't think I'll ever be able to happily see Mary with another man. After rooting for her and Matthew for so long, through so many obstacles, they *finally* made it, and they were so completely perfect for each other.	&gt; After rooting for her and Matthew for so long, through so many obstacles, they finally made it, and they were so completely perfect for each other. newlinechar  newlinechar You know I was happy when Lavinia died? It's so morbid hearing it out loud but I was actually overjoyed that she died because then I *knew* Mary/Matthew would [hopefully] get together.  newlinechar  newlinechar I think Julian Fellowes had so many ideas for how their relationship would play out over the next few seasons and seeing them raise their son but... that didn't happen :(
I thought I had? 	So, remind me what procedure is utilized when welding pipeline?
That's excellent, hopefully at some point you can afford (or justifty) the means to make 'card' plural... actually, is it a calculation load? I don't think the graphics are all that horrific for the card, it's all the physics... We need that intel parallel processing card.  	Unfortunately KSP bottlenecks in the CPU, Unity only processes on a single core at a time so despite how fancy our computers are getting we can't utilise the physics processing fast enough. newlinechar  newlinechar Oh I wish for the day hyper threading occurs, some of my spacestations might actually be useful if I can use 11 more cores :(
Because not everyone in this thread appreciates /r/imgoingtohellforthis. However I do. Well done.	Seems a bit harsh to go to hell for its just a hobby
Oh gosh I can already imagine 'LOLOLOL TRADING BUDDER SWORDS FOR SWAG'	*cringe*
Why do I recognize your username? It's from something that's not this subreddit.	I mod a lot of shit. newlinechar  newlinechar /r/satanism, /r/gor, /r/facebookwins, /r/stephenfry, /r/eminem, /r/androidcirclejerk, /r/doctorwhumor, /r/truecreepypms etc. Used to mod /r/facepalm until quitting recently. I also post often in /r/childfree. newlinechar  newlinechar I have you at +24 so I seem to be buddies with you too.
To add to /u/johninbigd's answer, check out [this short animation showing the evolutionary 'steps' needed to evolve an eye like our own](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jEhzAn1hDc). newlinechar  newlinechar 	Great video, thank you.
Because oil is important and it is important who controls it and profits by it.   Same reason we took out Iraq and Libya.   	[petrodollar?](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Petrodollar)
You can edit comments.	I know I just have this very shitty phone that doesn't give me the option on the reddit app.
Good god.  Good thing you walked away from that.	I feel a double side car bike is going to have both a harder time avoiding, and recovering than the jeep from the next drunk!  newlinechar  newlinechar Also, I can't even imagine how much turning (or getting boxed in and having to push 1000lb of bike backwards) would suck! newlinechar 
On the money! $300 to /u/NCJake2013. You have the board, pick a category.	Oh god.  the pressure. Umm.... Ummm.... I'll take Famous Racetracks for $400!
Healthcare, pensions, vacation days, those sorts of things.	The fact that (presumably in the US..) they result from a 40 hour week is pretty frightening. Sad really, the US was on the front (with others) when it came for the fight for workers rights and indeed for the rights of all people, yet seems to have failed to actually make a lot of what would be seen as a right around the world a reality... newlinechar  newlinechar 
u wot m7	[Still haven't transcribed this, have you?](http://www.reddit.com/r/mylittleandysonic1/comments/1let89/this_is_a_fgt_test/cbymalw)
That argument is in the article by Worthington.  newlinechar  newlinechar If you look at Khadr's history, he was born in Canada, and shipped out at something like 2 years old. He is only Canadian by loose association, really. On top of that, even though treason doesn't have an age limit (that I know of), I can't really see someone logically arguing that a, effectively brainwashed, 15 year old can commit treason.	That really just boils down to 'well I don't want Mr. Kadhr to be charged with treason due to extenuating circumstances even though by definition his actions were treason'. newlinechar  newlinechar That's soft-headed reasoning because those circumstances are something on considers in *sentencing*.  They don't change his citizenship, (no matter how much the anti-Kadhr folks might it wish so) and they don't change his actions. newlinechar  newlinechar Mr. Kadhr is either a Canadian citizen or he is not.  If he is not, then the US should drop him off back in Afghanistan and let them deal with him. newlinechar  newlinechar But of course that's a problem, (and any advocate for Mr. Kadhr will say it is), because Mr. Kadhr *is* a Canadian citizen.  That means that by fighting against Canada he committed treason. newlinechar  newlinechar His age, his nasty family, and his time spent outside Canada are all factors when considering appropriate punishments, (not to mention his time already spent in prison), but they don't change his citizenship and they don't change who he was fighting against.
Stop it, you're being anal.	Guys, we should all just put this *behind* us.
This isn't Ole Miss or someone in-conference. It is fucking Rice. Scoreboard isn't that effective. 	If the defense is talking shit after you score on them, I'd say scoreboard too.
Or you can buy 500 regular tee's for 5$. Idk it just seems like a total waste of money to me,	This is a pack of 20 plastic tees for $5.   newlinechar They sent out free packs to ~10 redditors to try out.
[](/fs26)I was in shock.	I'm sorry 
I was informed there'd be Indiana Jones. newlinechar  newlinechar But a cock is fine too.	Yeah, I should have included some indi shots. It was mainly due to Harrison Ford being insanely sexy that got me excited. 
&gt; A first class letter represents the LAST and ONLY means of private communication between US Citizens. newlinechar  newlinechar Nuh uh newlinechar  newlinechar [Don't worry, the U.S. government is tracking your snail mail, too](http://www.zdnet.com/dont-worry-the-u-s-government-is-tracking-your-snail-mail-too-7000017648/) newlinechar 	They cannot open and read it without a warrant. newlinechar  newlinechar A guy can cling to some hope for our Republic can't he? newlinechar  newlinechar Sigh.
The spite is generally towards how terribly he makes his points	I agree his points need improving, and if he's teaching these systems as simple conventions/theories, he needs to specify so from an unbiased view, whilst making it clear that a film-maker doesn't necessarily have to obey the method. Perhaps if there were a group of film-makers who could form somewhat of a discussion - using their knowledge as fuel to make more accurate posts?
H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A^H^A	#^#^#^#^#^#H #^#^#^#^#^A #^#^#^#^H #^#^#^A #^#^H #^A
It pisses me off that they rarely show the band on TV. It's more exciting than any half time show on TV (Except maybe TNTs basketball halftime).	Wow they don't!? That's incredibly stupid, they were so good, and you're right they are very entertaining. newlinechar  newlinechar I love the sheer size of the band and the formations and movements they made, it was pretty cool
&gt; 2 door wagon!? newlinechar  newlinechar A novel concept. newlinechar  newlinechar /r/hatchback	I would call it a shooting brake, not a hatch.
Granted.  But you have not followed the basic rules of text interpretation (about context, intended first hearers and readers, original culture…) — so your reading is quite uninteresting to whomever does not share your particular cultural setting. newlinechar  newlinechar I submit God never intended to show us His blueprint to future happenings, or He would have made actually possible for more than a handful of Christians to agree on such a blueprint.  Also, I submit the Bible is meant for our salvation, not to make us know the future.  And that the exact sequence of future events is quite irrelevant to our salvation, santification &amp; edification. newlinechar  newlinechar But perhaps it is only me. newlinechar  newlinechar I have seen more than one friendship shattered by the eschatological game.  So I do not play it anymore.	And his interpretation is one from the school and theology of dispensationalism. Basically his theology is driving his exegesis. That's why most 'reformed-ish' people find this kind of exegesis uninteresting. newlinechar  newlinechar BTW, Fee and Stuart's book is a great book.
76128	76129
Does being from China mean he can't read a map?	I'm sure if I asked you the distance from TaiShan to Guangzhou you wouldn't know either.
http://www.amazon.com/Pot-Lid-Holder-Cabinet-Organizer/dp/B00065MCR8	Thats awesome, thank you very much. 
It has a punchline that makes sense	Maybe I'm just dense and didn't notice it... :/ I know the original joke has the second scientist ordering 'water' and the first one gets pissed off because he wanted to kill the second one. I was expecting that punch line, so it seemed ironic when it was intentionally left out. But if the existing state of this joke *has* a punch line, then I concede it's not an anti-joke... I just don't *get* it.
that is correct	i thought that was the inbound pass that you roll on the floor for the pg to pick up whenever he wants
Agreed, it's really annoying when you're the tank and you're trying to pull aggro off of another party member but it makes you target the enemies on the other side of the screen...if there are existing ways to help alleviate that with the targeting filters, then could someone tell me how I should set it up? I tried messing around with it to no avail... newlinechar  newlinechar Even when you're not tanking, it's also annoying during FATEs since the high density of players and enemies in the area makes it difficult to target the enemies you need to hit before they die within a few seconds.	I've found myself running into the middle of the mass of players during FATES and just hitting FLASH. Not hoping to get the mobs attention, but in hopes it hits something. It gets me gold every time...but it comes with a shame I am not proud of.
Thought that would be some pretty obvious sarcasm. That's why I chose one of the most known and popular posters on the sub.	See, that's what I thought, but you never know.
2 Broken Rules outweigh 1. He has less than 150 karma &amp; only frequents giveaway subreddits. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm just clearing up this subreddit so it's for actual redditors.	No. This is one rule. There are two ways to satisfy this rule: newlinechar  newlinechar 1. Your account is at least 30 days old. newlinechar  newlinechar 2. You have a minimum of 150 comment karma; not all the karma coming from giveaway subs. newlinechar  newlinechar Since this rule is 'and/or' you need to satisfy only one of the two criteria. This means that since /u/gaurus123 satisfies the first criterion, he is qualified for all giveaways in the subreddit unless the OP states differently. Thank you for being the neighborhood watch of this subreddit but please understand the rules before you antagonize other posters. Thanks!
What were they in your room for?	Search warrant for illrgal distribution of narcotics and forgery. 
will you date me mr.bananalegs	Yes, Miss icecreamlegs. 
1101 010**0** 1001 (Fixed typo)	1101 0100 1010
There's been a dev version up for more than a week and a half, maybe even two weeks.  No idea where you're pulling '3 days' from...	It was officially released a couple days ago.  As you say, that was strictly a beta.
For me S1 is absolute perfection. While S2 didn't live up to the first one, it was still good.  newlinechar  newlinechar The problem was that it was rushed, very much so. So, so much happens historically around the last five episodes, but they had to cram it in because HBO canceled it. Rome was supposed to have 7 seasons. I still mourn that loss. 	Imagine a universe where 7 seasons of this show exists.
theyre usually not for drinking but for collecting newlinechar 	Then why not make an empty can? 
Rin isn't the best girl, but her route is definitely the best in terms of story quality and writing. Go for the neutral ending first for optimal feels.	That's just like, your opinion, man.
Sorry I wasn't more clear. Of course I'm aware there's subcultures. I was actually a little surprised, and saddened too, that being teased for becoming educated is more common than I previously thought. I knew it existed here, where I'm from, because I experienced it firsthand,but I was never able to confirm that it happened elsewhere as well. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, this is something I noticed only occurred among the black children from the very low income areas. Kinda like the crabs in a bucket comparison. The black children from the middle to upper class were generally supportive of each other and studied together. An example of the different subcultures. newlinechar 	That's a socio-economic issue, not really subculture and this is usually experienced with all races from low-income areas. Secondly, you are only talking about 'children'. I guarantee you that adults are much different. Are you an adult? 
I found my problem. I knew of him, but never paid attention, so when I looked him up to see what he played, he's listed as a end on Wikipedia. 	As a Bears fan, *he's* the problem... 
Are rifts compatible with xbox360?	The consumer version hopefully will be compatible for all consoles. 
They vote based upon what the law stipulates, it's not made up on the spot but based upon legal principles. 	I don't think so. I've followed some General Assembly resolutions. They are pretty much put together like in a legislature. The UN Human Rights Commission, for example, routinely eviscerates Israel while ignoring the human rights abuses of Arab nations. It's actually a bit of a joke.
What do you mean by 'good'? It's not a real yixing pot in the sense that you can quickly season it mate it with a tea and the clay will not be of good quality. newlinechar  newlinechar The craftsmanship doesn't seem THAT terrible. The most you can hope for is a nifty little pot that won't be toxic!	Yea, i meant is it a real yixing clay? where can a get a good quality yixing pot then?
Question about Yorkshire: Is it pronounced more like 'York-shire' or 'York-sure'?	Yorksha :)
[](/twiponder) Hmm newlinechar  newlinechar [](/twiquite) That's genius	[](/twiright)Deal with them quickly and with little effort. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, before anyone asks, I press the buttons with my nose. 
I have his refutation right here, but I don't think I can fit a picture of my middle finger into 1,000 ASCII characters. Harris can go suck on a tailpipe. 1,000 words my ass.	    ....................../´¯/)  newlinechar     ....................,/¯../  newlinechar     .................../..../  newlinechar     ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸  newlinechar     ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\  newlinechar     ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...')  newlinechar     .........\.................'...../  newlinechar     ..........''...\.......... _.·´  newlinechar     ............\..............(  newlinechar     ..............\.............\... newlinechar  newlinechar That's only like what, 325 characters?
Now man, I'm not in it for the karma. Also I wanted to do some explanation before that, so it was necessary to do a self post. If it makes it hard to see the slide, sure I will change it, but if it's okay with this style I don't see why it should be changed.	Sure... Not in it for the Karma... We are all friends here, you can be honest. 
Do you have any sort of noob guide to getting these installed and working fine?	Just go [here](http://skyrim.nexusmods.com//?) and sign up for a free account. Once you do that, download the Nexus Mod Manager and set it up. Afterwards, come back to the thread and start downloading these mods. Literally, with NMM, all you have to do is click the 'Download with NMM' at the top of the Nexus page and it will automatically start installing for you!
How much does a years subscrition (or whatever the cheapest way to subscribe is in the long run) cost? And how much would it cost to buy the f1 car and the one from '79, '49, the Star Mazda and maybe a touring car with all the tracks I would need to compete in leagues/championships with these kind of cars? I can't really find any information on that, only the normal membership prices but I've heard people talk about much lower ones than those on their site. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, is it true that you have to pay to enter/host races?	1 year is $99 without discounts. They were running a promo for $50 recently. newlinechar  newlinechar The cars are $12 each. But you get a few to begin with as you do a few tracks. The tracks are $14 from memory. But you can't just jump in an F1 car you have to progress with the licenses and that takes time. It would probably take 6 months of game time before you would be realistic at getting an F1 car.  newlinechar  newlinechar I must admit, what I do is sometimes skip a week when its on a track I don't own. (Tracks rotate every week) I try and focus on owning the F1 circuits, Interlagos, Canada, Suzuka, Spa etc and try and find series that run them.  newlinechar  newlinechar 
Forgive my ignorance on TOR, but is that something that something that children generally use to chat with?	No, in a nutshell it encrypts you logging on to the internet. It jumps your connection through a bunch of other computers each through an encrypted line so that its hard to trace the original sender 
Well since this is a pretty small community and I was the first (non-mod) poster, I guess I'll say hi too. I'm Alex, 16, from Los Angeles. I have asperger's, a pet cat and 2 rats, a love of video games, and your daughter, whom you will never see again unless you bring $3000 in unmarked bills to McCoy Park before noon. newlinechar  newlinechar PM me if you'd like to shoot the shit, or wanna be Steam friends	Alex, you were already special to me for being the first poster on /r/outhere, but now even more so. My dissertation topic pertains to Aspergers. My son is socially atypical, but the more I learn to see the world through his eyes, the harder time I have thinking of him as having a 'disability.' He was diagnosed Aspergers at one point, but as he matures and adapts, he no longer meets all of the criteria. But just like his sexual orientation, we accept him the way he is and things are just fine. The world would be a lot simpler if more people saw things the same as him. We neurotypicals make things a bit more complicated than they need to be, don't ya think? newlinechar  newlinechar Thank you for introducing yourself and I'm thrilled to have you as part of the community. =) Question: How do you keep the cat from eating the rats? 
Enchanted illusions should still do radiance burn, and the real PL did receive burn damage from the enchanted illusion in that game (you can even see in the screenshot the dire creepwave taking radiance damage). newlinechar  newlinechar It is still an illusion of brown's, and it was brown's actual radiance that killed puck.  But the enchanted illusion got kill credit, and it was on your team so it became a deny. newlinechar  newlinechar There might have been multiple bugs at play here, but at least one was that puck's radiance source was still attributed to the illusion on their team.	I didn't notice that enchanted illusions actually got the Radiance. In game they didn't last long enough to do any noticeable damage in teamfights and when I got the chance to grab one in a lull, the Radiance effect wasn't on the illusion and the icon was in its disabled state. newlinechar  newlinechar Still, it's weird that the deny was attributed to PL and not me. It's similar to doing fatal damage to an enemy with an enchanted jungle creep and neutrals getting credit for the kill. I supposed it's a little weird in the first place that you can enchant illusions, though. newlinechar  newlinechar Again, I'll check the forums and post it there if needed. newlinechar  newlinechar 
I'd love it if both Tottenham and Liverpool got top four probably not gonna happen though :(	United to finish 7th!
It's awkward and unnecessary... 	And wastes greens. I mean, I know they're a handful of gil, but still...
Yup. You have bigger eyes though. 	my eyes are like.. fucking droopy or something haha. Its the inner arab. My whole family has eyes like that.
What are they?	Used pads? Yuck.
Because his receivers	They certainly did not help matters, but that's a Senior who has been highly touted since he started. There is no reason he should be 5 for 26, even if he was up against an Alabama defense. 
I think you needed much more than a six pack.	Sadly, I wasn't an efficient drinker at this point. 
Shit really? I always assumed that Sars was a British drink. Just did a quick search, its ma soda drink that his made from a plant species named Smilax that grows in places like Mexico.  newlinechar The stuff we sell in Australia has a sort of licorice flavour to it if that gives some idea. 	&gt;made from a plant species named **Smilax** newlinechar  newlinechar Try new Joker brand Sarsaparilla^TM! newlinechar  newlinechar Flavor to die for!
Sir, there is a lioness mounting your girlfriend. 	*sister
I always hated getting new shotguns.  I'd have to tell all my friends to wait for me while I busted out the calculator to see which one was the best.	You don't sound like a very fun person.
Out of curiosity, how long have you guys been together in total? newlinechar  newlinechar I've been where he is, sort of, I've been in a tough spot and trying to make the most of a bad/not-good situation, and I coped with it but looking towards the future and putting my head down and just trying to struggle through. In doing so, I neglected some of my wifes needs. I never thought she'd leave, I just thought things would slowly get better. They didnt, she left. newlinechar  newlinechar She and I loved each other, right up to the end, we were just trying to deal with the same problems in very different an incompatible ways. It sounds like that's the boat you're in as well. You're not communicating as a couple any more. newlinechar  newlinechar You need to be very blunt with him and tell him that you're miserable, and that you just cant handle the status quo. Then, go find a couples counselor to help you work back into healthy communication.	We've been together 4 years total.  newlinechar I've told him flat out that sometimes I just want to hop on a plane and go back to my hometown. Do you think he doesn't take that seriously? What's a better way to word my feelings? newlinechar  newlinechar I don't think our insurance covers marriage counseling 
☂? ☂☂... ☂☂☂.  newlinechar  newlinechar ☂; ☂☂! (☂☂, ☂, ☁ ☠ ☹.)	So sexy, so tragic.
Try to enjoy the weekend and relax. The lab will page the on call doctor with any critical results. If you have severe headache, vision changes, or increased swelling of hands, legs, feet or face, then I would give the doctor a call or go get checked out at L&amp;D.	My feet are actually crazy swollen, but one of the nurses told me they'd call if anything was urgent. I'm just paranoid that my results might get over-looked and that makes me worried!
Saleen are you a supertester or something?  Or do you just read a lot of FTR?	I read a shitton of FTR and other sources all day everyday. I'm just usually up to date and leave everything read.
Where would Cotton fit then?	[Here.](http://images4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20130811054840/kingofthehill/images/a/a1/Koth_cotton_280.jpg)
no, shy says that about everyone he faces, being humble he isn't going to come out and say that dyrus got trashed, which in fact he did http://i.imgur.com/zAkoLrb.jpg	At that point in the game, Shy was way ahead (more cs and kills). That picture proves absolutely nothing, as it doesn't take into account any of the team play involved. If you're going to try to prove something, use evidence that is actually relevant.   newlinechar  newlinechar 
Eh, it sucked at first, because love always ends in either death, or heartbreak, but after a while, you realize that you're way better off. newlinechar  newlinechar Over the next few months, I spent a lot of time reconnecting with some old friends that I hadn't seen in years. It was great. :D	That's awesome, a lot of people make the mistake to stay thinking that the other person will change for the better. It's not true, it's who they are.
I'm not clear on where you installed the LED's, exactly. Is there a lip under the trim there against the wall or something?	Looks like under the lip, going on the last picture.
A real prophet that one	Haha I keep forgetting my flair sometimes is LA and not NYR. I looked at him and said 'Islanders, who gives a fuck.' newlinechar  newlinechar I was wrong I was wrong, okay?
&gt;your phone spends very little time actually ringing newlinechar  newlinechar Oooh you gonna take that OP?	WORRRLLLLDDDSSTTTAAARRRR!!!!!!!
I actually  have a doctorate in African art and history.  I run my college's art archive where we have thousands of art work just like yours.  That is to say...Odum / Afrormosia wood fashioned into Bambara style sculptures.....I doubt yours are authentic...regardless...I can, with up most certainty, say that the two pieces in the photo that are in the middle are the queens.	That doesn't make sense. The two pieces in the middle are the same color and have different designs. At the very least, it is clear that the two on the left are the same piece and the two on the right are also the same piece. Which piece each pair represents is up for debate I suppose, but like I have already said, it seems clear to me that the two on the left are intended to be the kings.
it was this [raid](http://www.attorneygeneral.gov/press.aspx?id=1299)... newlinechar  newlinechar umm... I don't know, I sold the rest of the weed, Paid my dude off. At first I had no idea how big it was. I just thought it was me and my roommates. The girl who's apartment I spent the night at (in her roommates empty bed) was actually the girlfriend of my coke dealer (Justin in the article). She heard from me at first, but it wasn't until day two of being on the lamb that we learned that he had been picked up for a controlled sale of a half ounce of coke to the same informant that busted me. Snitches name was Julia btw.  newlinechar  newlinechar I was more of a weed dealer, but I would do favors for friends, coke LSD Mushrooms etc. That snitch approached me and wanted an ounce coke. I knew I could do it. I texted my dude and I was like 'I want one' he thought I wanted a gram. And that is all I gave to Julia that night. It probably ended up saving me from a lot of trouble in retrospect.  newlinechar  newlinechar I had over a grand, but I couldn't go to my apartment, I couldn't go to my parents house. I couldn't go get my car. I honestly thought about getting a one way bus ticket. I wonder how differently my life would have turned out that day. newlinechar  newlinechar In the search of my apartment, they found a 20 Ga sawed off double barrel. It got pinned on me. I plead out to felony delivery of cocaine, misdemeanor possession of a prohibited offensive weapon. The sentence was 15 to 30 months. Did 3 in county, 8 up state, got let go early for good behavior. Even though I put a white supremacist into the wall my first day in gen pop in state. He went to the ward, he needed 13 stitches in the back of his head. I was white, and was shaving my head by the time I hit state. I guess it sent mixed signals when I sat down to play a game of chess with my black cellie. I did a week in the hole. newlinechar  newlinechar Any way. I got out, enrolled in tech school. Graduated. My last spring break before graduation, I went to the Caribbean, and ingested LSD and went snorkeling. Later that night at a bar, I met a German guy. We hit it off, bsing about Hemingway and life... I told him what I was doing in school. And two phone interviews later I got the job, regardless of my record. I now work in NYC. I live alone in Harlem, with a shelter dog, a former stray named Blackie Chan.	let's make a fucking movie.
Damn I screamed TSM so hard at the end with the crowd!	Even threw your shirt?
I wish I remembered what he said that caused me to flip out. I had chugged a few beers and drank some 151 right from the bottle a few times, so I was really drunk. That's a lot of booze for an 18-year-old who hadn't ever drank much before. A lot of that night is a blur, but that moment stands out. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: I've been sitting here thinking about it for a few minutes, and I remember what came next. I shouted that line as I was heading back downstairs to my room, and she replied 'GET OUT OF MY HOUSE!'. Me, not taking her bull shit, 'I'll go get my stuff'. I was half way down the stairs before I heard my dad say 'Wait a minute, comineeyeaha, come back'. I remember hearing the pain in his voice, which he was trying to hide by sounding angry. Shit man, this is bringing old emotions again.	I really want to hear the ending to this story. Is everything ok now? Are you on good terms with your step-mom? newlinechar  newlinechar If it brings up bad memories, you don't have to continue. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: I saw further down. Thanks!
you realize this is a parody, right?	No of course not. 
I feel like Cap would be interested to hear, and that he'd be a little upset at Bruce and Peter's lack of interest. 	Not sure.  I think Bruce would be pretty interested, even if it's only clinical interest.  Pete probably wouldn't care too much.  
Whaaat wall-eyed is amazingly simple. All you gotta do is de-focus your eyes.	There's only so far you can defocus. You've got more range the other way. newlinechar  newlinechar Right now if I defocus as far as I can, the resulting two images of my computer screen are still overlapping ~90% horizontally. newlinechar  newlinechar If I *focus* instead, I can separate them completely with nearly an entire computer screen sized gap in between them.
I didn't get it.	Are your hug receptors on channel 3? That's what worked for me.
I don't mean to be a jerk but if those were your choices, most people would be *much* happier with the ipad mini or to a lesser extent the dell notebook given the things that they do and their level of portability.	I have an iPad and a macbook pro.
[](/futalick)	[](/adorkable)
[Quick!](http://www.amazon.com/SODIAL-Lithium-Battery-Package-Batteries/dp/B008XW8MA2/ref=wl_it_dp_o_pC_nS_nC?ie=UTF8&amp;colid=25SJ741X686ZS&amp;coliid=I1GGAQRDUOEJSG)	DAMN you're impressive.
[](/twiright)Deal with them quickly and with little effort. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, before anyone asks, I press the buttons with my nose. 	[](/twishrug) The penis works too
Looks like we've got a mystery on our hands!	Zoinks, U/well_golly it is a repost, http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/1cyysm/jeepers/
How's the adhesive? Is it holding up to not being fully stuck on? Do they wobble much? 	The adhesive is really good, I have had them on for a few months and they are still solid, I did put them towards the bottom where they have a bit more surface to stick to.' newlinechar  newlinechar I don't really notice them wobble when I have it on, you can kind of hear the pupils clacking around in there you are moving your head around fast and are not wearing headphones.
Great new discovery for me, thanks!	I've mined current psybient so heavily I'm now into discovering rare ambient / ambient techno / proto-psybient gems from the 90s and earlier.
Nice to see Cierre Wood made the team.	Keenum and Yates both made the team as well.  Wondering if they are actually going to keep both or explore trade options.
Wow, what skin are you using? I'm currently using PixelVision, but that looks fun and blue.	blue pulse. newlinechar  newlinechar [heres a list of some other good skins, the one im using is like the third down.](http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=1161035)
I think Balotelli would succeed there too. He showed recently how creative he is so with SES and Matri in front of him he could be deadly.	I could see that working too, but do you really think Allegri is going to try that.  Though since we did sign another forward maybe there's a slim chance he tries it. Though on that same note he could have tried it back when Pazzo was healthy  
It's part of the maple leafs curse, they can't have a great center and a wing at the same time	Yup. When we had Sundin, our problem was not finding him a winger,  now we can't find Kessel a centreman. 
You forgot to put the source anime in the title.	Fairy Tail
With a hammer?	With your fists.
Water marked	I'm a dumbass...
Flares only stop the first missile, iirc. newlinechar  newlinechar And even then, there's likely to be another 10 Striker infantry firing at you.	No, flares break the lock entirely and the missiles stop tracking.
yes and I've seen quite a few pve geared people in ranked with bolster	My point is that, even those that are in full 72s can't down NiM TFB, so why should a pvp player be able to do it 'casually?' as for SM and HM, I don't know how it fairs for those in Conq gear... At the very most, you should be able to do SM casually (if you can't already, I'm not sure). But HM and NiM are typically reserved for progression which is not a 'casual' activity.
Hey pondreezy,  I'll give you a quarter to say 'k'.	Hi ap! newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar k.    newlinechar  newlinechar Pls send quarter to: newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 123 Brave Way  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Ron town bravelifornia 90216
So you lost control and that caused you to fall off? The only reason I ask is because one 35ft isnt that big if you are purposely jumping off of cliffs and two if you lost control when you were in the air then I don't see how skis would help you in falling.	I was an idiot and didn't scout the take off before jumping off because it wasn't that big of a drop. There was a dip right before the launch that kicked me forward and caused me to lose my balance and I wasn't able to recover before going airborn. My skis were still attached to me on the way down, and only disconnected on impact with ground/my face. 
What did it say?	It didn't change.
At first I was going to post an irate comment about how people will play the game however they damn well feel like (This was after your *real* players comment) and then I read the final line and was no longer irate.	I'm glad I left out that jab at MechJeb or you might not have even read that far. :)
&gt; arguing with an ~~old progressive~~ pre-teen twat newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY newlinechar  newlinechar 	Hah, he thinks being old makes him wise. He forgets that you need to actually use the experience for something. It's clear he's an idiot.
MacBooks around that time had Intel HD3000's, it'll run fine. 	I'm impressed actually, just had a quick Google and those chips aren't nearly as bad as I thought they were, they receive a lot of unfair criticism.
maybe.	wtf is with your username?
But people play the same amount in other games like DoTA, LoL, &amp; CoD...so I mean pick your poison. It's just that it's more concentrated with fighting games because you have to get things 'wrong' a lot. Whereas FPS games you can at least get a couple kills even if not that great and feel accomplished. Haven't played DoTA or other games like that but we know they require HUGE strategy &amp; such	Yes both genre require tons of practice but where in dota it is important to understand certain concepts and learn the different heroes the mechanical skill behind it comes with playing. newlinechar  newlinechar In fightinggames (especially comboheavy systems like sg) the best (and almost only) way to learn a combo is to practice it in training mode. Hitconfirming and footies you still have to learn inside the game but at a very basic level the guy with the decent combo is more likly to win (if you hit me three times as much as I do but my combo deals five times as much damage, and is reliable, I'll probably win)
Once you go straight your periods late. 	What?
If you find this interesting I recommend checking out his book *Supergods*. It's part history of comics, part analysis of their cultural and psychological resonance, and goes into detail on specific heroes like he does with Superman in this interview.	*Supergods* was really interesting and definitely helps you view comics in a different and important light. But his 'real life accounts' of how fifth dimensional angel beings descended upon him and took him back to their home or of how the flaming head of a lion appeared to him make you question whether or not he ever stopped tripping.
Well it didn't work so apparently not high enough.	...Were you?
Yeah, fuck games that reward practice and skill right? Other people can do the same too you know...	I wasn't even implying that that is a bad idea. You are horrid at reading comprehension.
&gt; The US military budget is around 4.4% of the GDP newlinechar  newlinechar Does that figure include the entirety of our defense spending? I know that GDPs' are huge these days; so it's hard to understand the scope of an industry just by a single percentage. So what about our yearly budget expenditure, how much of our taxes goes towards the military / defense?	About $716.3 billion in FY 2012 with an additional $129.6 billion allocated to veteran services. Of that about $688.3 billion was allocated to the DoD. newlinechar  newlinechar For comparison, that same year we allocated $872 billion to the department of Health and Human Services, $829.2 to the Social Security administration, and national defense spending was about 19% of the total budget. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm going to link to the [wiki article](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2012_United_States_federal_budget#Total_outlays_by_budget_function), because the [actual budget documents](http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/search/pagedetails.action?packageId=BUDGET-2013-BUD) are around 500 pages.
Looks like he broke at least a few bones there.	[Very clearly the bones are not broken.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=DkenTkJ9AkM#t=32)
was that the arrogant 'you're welcome' girl? i cringed so bad	Try being here in the audience. I was seated right by the mic  on the other side of the camera. One of the guys was drunk when he asked his question and you could tell the panelists were uncomfortable with stuff being asked. I don't usually like prescreening questions but especially with open to the public events it should be. 
Do they have [Beethoven](http://www.starpulse.com/news/media/beethbbffeat.jpg) for the halftime show?	And George Harrison newlinechar 
We talking about a KG, Duncan and Shaq who are playing at their high level, not a Hibbert or old Duncan (with much repsect).	I agree with you about Shaq, but it's not like he won every single year he ever played the game. Duncan and KG while clearly amazing players are at least containable and it's certainly not a foregone conclusion that Miami loses. 
Funny. My close Palestinian friends (whose family lives in Syria) says the opposite. He has not but disdain for Israel and respect for Assad. Everyone has a different opinion. 	Yes, people from the same country can have different opinions.
Flamini and Sanogo &gt; Varela	Arsenal need to sign a lot more players than we do. In case you haven't noticed, they have like 12 fit first team players. Oh and United literally only have to sign 1 central midfielder and our problems are solved. Arsenal need a GK, a DM and a striker. Don't compare the two clubs. Our squad were the league champions last season. Arsenal struggled to get 4th place.
Theres a pretty good chance we will still be able to sign him, unless he scores like 20+ goals for us this season, which i wouldn't mind but lets be serious Chelsea buy players all the time, Moses right now is the lowest in the pecking order. They might as well sell him to us after the loan. 	maybe they will just give him to us... 
absolutely. threatening a child with violence is ok if you're in the military. got it.	A 15 year old is no child.
The funniest thing about Brenchel is that Rachel said as long as Dani &amp; Dom don't have the first BB baby she will be happy........but Dani is pregnant lol. I was shocked she didn't announce it on the piece on them the other night.	How do you know she's pregnant?
I'm more interested in how you can help. newlinechar Nice to see someone is hungry to do something. newlinechar  newlinechar What skills do you have?	What I have are a very particular set of skills; skills I have acquired over a very long career.
Nope, can't predict ball	Huh?
General Electric, one of Spider-Man's foes.	Seems like a decent investment.
I have yet to fart in front of a boyfriend... I hate that I don't feel comfortable enough to let loose!	After living together for a while, I just can't help it anymore! He certainly has his fair share of nastiness too, so I think we're at least equal by now!
That's my main frustration with Eren: he lets his emotions get the better of him, and he has little tactical sense. HE HAD FULL MOUNT.	Can't do much with full mount when your fists explode from hitting things.
Beer.. Employees only.. What am I doing with my life	I know someone who works for a publishing house in New York and they have beer in the fridge newlinechar 
If Jay goes down, we can sign a cheapie to back up the backup, I do believe.	Isn't that how Josh McCown came to the Bears in the first place?
Is it an alien ware if so that is nothing . and also too much porn is bad trust me I had a brand new computer watched hardcore porn the first week next week I was playing lol had 1 fps it was bad  and the pc was an alienware  not a  good brand 	lmao
Block him from what? I don't have a Facebook or Twitter or anything like it.	Try adding his phone number to a restricted list. You might need to contact your provider for that, though. 
If a fully fueled plane or two crashed into it, would it hold up this time?	It's impossible to say, what I can say is the original towers survived the impact of the planes and fell because of the ensuing fires, and that this building is build beyond the structural specifications of the original and is significantly better suited to manage explosions and fire.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Safety wise, this building is badass, the entire site is badass. Nothing is indestructible, but this is a close second. 
It's only been 2 months but it feels like 2 years. newlinechar  newlinechar ^Danny ^is ^doing ^great, ^though...	^israeli ^good
It did. It doesn't have to pass the line inbounds. It landed beyond the line out of bounds.	Oh yeah that 'Extended Sideline' rule or something right?
Glee - War Pigs by Black Sabbath	Or have Glee do 'we're not gonna take it' in my mind I see a bunch of prison bitches standing up to their daddys
To iterate, G2A lock-ons have worse tracking, following instead of leading the target, this results in longer overall flight time allowing for flares when they otherwise would recharge to late and more chances for scenery and ground to block the missile. newlinechar  newlinechar Also the G2G lock on has the same follow instead of lead tracking causing it to hit the ground when it comes to fast vehicles instead of hitting said vehicle and more often hitting cover instead of evading it.	The annihilator leads targets like the striker, but deals the least amount of damage of all HA rocket launchers (I'm fairly certain a stack-3 lancer is more damage, not to count that the cycle time is shorter) newlinechar  newlinechar Also sometimes, but with some difficulty at reproducing it, the G2G lock on will fire like a javelin missile, getting some altitude before striking from above (it still deals damage based on the direction you fired from though). newlinechar  newlinechar The G2A launcher has none of the special properties, the only redeeming quality is that you can dumbfire it. With a heavy drop.
What the fuck else could it be? I love Calvin and Hobbes but I'm so sick of the nostalgiafest. Go read the comics again and stfu!	you live em so much eh, fuck off..dont tell me what to do.
Haha, sorry. I just mean that I already offered him head, and I wanted to do something really special. I did appreciate your answer, I didn't mean for it to come off as rude.	Oh ok. All is good :)
12/20 represent! except mines 83.	82!
We say we're eating at 2, so it'll probably be 4:30. And then there is volleyball and corn hole so bring your game face. 	I never leave home without my game face. ^^^^^because ^^^^^I ^^^^^suffer ^^^^^from ^^^^^perpetual ^^^^^bitchface
i figured it out but dont remember how. wasnt banned though.	Yeah that was a really wild guess, and also pretty stupid of me. If you are banned it says so when trying to join :P
I would only go so far as to say to get it off the carpet. Carpets give you a whole lot of dust... Other then that, great build	Not a big deal. His psu fan is facing up.
&gt; It probably will never be the #1 esport like its predecessor but all that really doesn't matter. newlinechar  newlinechar for a couple of years SC2 was the #1 eSport, wasn't it?	I like to think that it did much more than that. Sure, we had the other esports from back in the day. BW, CS, Quake and all the others. With SC2, we made it global and we made it big. The reason LoL and Dota and even the FGC are really starting to blow up, is because of us. Despite not being the big kid on the playground anymore, we sure did pave some impressive roads. 
It's not even a 650Ti.. just a regular 650 OMG.	Holy crap I just saw that. I....I didn't even think people consider that as a GPU to get. And this guy thinks is the 'best bang for your buck' GPU?! 
I was looking through a forum and it said that it was a 'Rare promo for Yonkers.' I've tried to find the other tracks on the art but I've had no luck. 	They were lying.
1101 0100 1010	1101 010**0** 1011 (Fixed)
Go on..	Ok. The guy in the photograph is not the guy who owns the robot it belongs and was fully built by another guy who works with us. From my understanding from talking to the creator a couple times. It's the most complex wall-e replica out there. He started with an r2d2 replica that ended up being used in that one Verizon commercial (would link but on mobile). He does all the work himself and can pretty much customize and action sequence into a script which is why the commercial and movie people come to him. I haven't sen either in person. I started after this was taken I'm pretty sure. 
US and Turkey are #2 and #3 respectively, so that doesn't *quite* explain it. The issue is 'they take approximately seven to ten years to reach significant production.'	That's how long it takes to start. Once they're up and going, 'Each pistachio tree averages around 50 kg of seeds, or around 50,000, every two years.'. There are plenty of other crops that take just as long to start up.
I didn't understand why this was so upvoted until I read this comment. Didn't notice the TARDIS.	I didnt get the why Bad Wolf was on the wall. Then I saw the Tardis. newlinechar  newlinechar Happy Cakeday. 
This is the first time I've seen japan post on Polandball. 	Oh really? I find my comrade several times a day on this subreddit.
Pink Flakie: Pink, gold, blue, green/teal - uneven flakies small to medium in size newlinechar  newlinechar Green Flakie: Blues &amp; purples, small to large flakies (more per stroke than pink, imho) newlinechar  newlinechar The two I did not get are Iron Butterfly which looked to be a black 'iron color' fleck, and Purple Velvet.	from the photos, it's hard to tell much of a difference. Do they look noticeably different in person?
Quick copy-paste of the last time the Derpy mail-mare question came up: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; The earliest mention I can find of Derpy (then also known as 'Bright Eyes') as a mailmare was in a [small fan-story by 'Manefag'](http://i.imgur.com/TZgFsbP.jpg) (verified by the [MLP General Archive](http://arch.413chan.net/co21205503.html#21206638)) in November 2010, three months before Feeling Pinkie Keen. [Other stories](http://i.imgur.com/uANmWww.png) and [fanart](http://arch.413chan.net/co22099245.html#22101077) of her as a mail carrier appear before then, too.	So...No one really knows?
Oh there's nothing wrong with it, i just thing i grew out of them by the time it came out. It happens a lot with me. Like i loved tyler the creator for bastard and goblin and then his new album came out and i didn't care much for it. Not to say they're bad albums, they're not they're good, i just didn't care for them personally. 	yeah i totally get that bro
You should still call your dad, though.	You know, I should. Sigh. Now I feel guilty.  newlinechar  newlinechar (And perhaps some understanding of the fear you guys get every time the Father's Day/Mother's Day threads come up on the main subs. Haha.)
Can we just round them all up and put them in 'fat reduction' camps already?  Give em some work to lose some weight.	People like you are the reasons that overweight people in this country felt the need to organize into groups and make the term 'fat acceptance'. newlinechar  newlinechar 
Nein has always been like that lol. He is a nice guy but isn't afraid to talk shit newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Why are people getting mad over what I think? I've followed him since Orbit and that's what I honestly think.	The word you're looking for is asshole. Scarra is a nice guy, Nien is an asshole.
Could someone explain the weighted objects? Are they soothing?	Some children see it as a sensory relief. It's somewhat soothing to certain kiddo's.
I've just seen this, bad gash on his head with 10 stitches putting him out of this game and the england game... Hoping it's a rumour	If he is out of this game I hope something good comes out of it at least. Shinji !
I like how when people start making black jokes and stereotypes about Lucian the mods feel the need to post guidelines on racism and hate speech, but when people make stereotypes about Koreans or, in this case, hate on gays, there is nothing.  This society (and this subreddit) is riddled with double standards.	It's only hate speech if it's because they're gay. I hate him because his videos are shit and all he does is preach his 'gay persona' as if that makes his video funnier when all it does is further show how flat his 'comedy' is. newlinechar  newlinechar He's basically RayWilliamJohnson but instead of 12 year olds its everyone on this sub sucking his dick.
Yes, Miss icecreamlegs. 	omfg tru luv 5ever thank u /u/Bottle_of_Sprite 
Looks like it would have been a good idea to solicit questions for the faq first, get them nailed down, and then solicit answers ;p newlinechar  newlinechar Gawds we're a picky bunch when we want to be. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit. newlinechar  newlinechar The negative stated questions in Psychology, Doubts are confusing. I'd remove the 'not' and flip the results, or, add more words to the question to better express the intent. newlinechar  newlinechar Eg. Have you always felt that you were not trans? newlinechar  newlinechar In longer, more formal questionnaires, these questions are asked in both the positive and negative manner. newlinechar  newlinechar Eg 2. Have you never felt that you were trans?	Yeah, the grammar does get awkward there. I wanted to set it up as one big question, since it was sorta the same topic, but you're right. newlinechar  newlinechar The pickiness is fine, actually good! I asked for feedback and I got it. Just because I don't agree with some of it doesn't mean I'm not glad people are being upfront :)
Alex, you were already special to me for being the first poster on /r/outhere, but now even more so. My dissertation topic pertains to Aspergers. My son is socially atypical, but the more I learn to see the world through his eyes, the harder time I have thinking of him as having a 'disability.' He was diagnosed Aspergers at one point, but as he matures and adapts, he no longer meets all of the criteria. But just like his sexual orientation, we accept him the way he is and things are just fine. The world would be a lot simpler if more people saw things the same as him. We neurotypicals make things a bit more complicated than they need to be, don't ya think? newlinechar  newlinechar Thank you for introducing yourself and I'm thrilled to have you as part of the community. =) Question: How do you keep the cat from eating the rats? 	Aw, shucks, now I'm embarassed. If you have any questions about it feel free to PM me :). As for the cat/rats, we keep the rats in a cage whose openings are too small for them to slip out or the cat's paws to slip in, but it doesn't matter, since often I let them play together and the rats end up chasing the cat and nipping at his heels XD.
Really? Damn, I thought he was a rookie	He's only 26 so if he can pick up the pace then when garzas expires. I think he is a free agent next year. Or the one after. 
Why is everyone always drinking milk?!	Their mothers' breasts can't make anything else.
I mean, the fact that you are taking the opinion of one person, you have never met, will likely never meet, and who is just trying to be a dick, personally, is pretty indicative that you need to work on your self confidence. But at least you're not a landwhale I guess....	Yeah , I'm trying to, trust me . 
Watch the series in full detail. Right now you should know who the female titan is by the fight scene alone. The other titans will make sense as it continues. This series hints things pretty subtlety.  	I'm pretty sure I know who it is already, I made a guess when she first appeared.
I'm sure you could imbue a shield spell into the book when you aren't writing in it. You're *a wizard*.	Well I was talking about in the game the Mage character had a spell book out and clearly could be seen pages being ripped and burned...
I'm enjoying the hell out of this	It's great that people finally want to come to our fair city... we're awesome peoples!
No	RIP in peace, bro.
Will you be my freind? 	Yes. Yes, I will be your friend. I'll take a seat right next to you and enjoy your 100 dollhairs!
Thanks for all these Dyestat post, they're really helpful man.	You're welcome! Girls should be out tomorrow.
http://i.imgur.com/PK1L4R3.png	http://imgur.com/756nASr
You know Dayton County will be  newlinechar  newlinechar Right here waiting for you	I don't know what comes next. I'm so ashamed! You won :(
... that's a lot of salt.  	After Thiago Fabregas Ronaldo Gundogan Ozil Modric Di Maria Gustavo the list goes on, my once beautiful freshwater lake of optimism has turned into the Dead Sea.
Protip: you can buy TVP dry and it's cheaper, non-refridgerated, and lasts longer.  I buy dry TVP crumbles and fry them with water and taco seasoning.  They need to soak up some water, but they are delicious when prepared this way.	Thanks for the tip!  newlinechar I bought some tvp recently but haven't gotten around to cooking with it. I'm trying to more to making more fake proteins so that its cost effiecent like you said. I'll have to try this. Do you have a favorite brand? I usually stick with Bobs Red Mill. I assume all are pretty much the same. 
&gt; I'm a former Christian pastor who also studied for ~3 years for conversion to Orthodox Judaism before, eventually, becoming Hindu. With respect, I can assure you that the purpose of Judaism and Christianity is not to present an explanation on where the Universe came from. For example, a cursory reading of Genesis will demonstrate that barely any information is actually present, especially that information that can be tested newlinechar  newlinechar So, genesis does not tell the story of how god created the universe?  What was it about? newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; So what is the point of Judaism and Christianity? Well, you've heard it before from them but I'm going to go ahead and reiterate it anyway: love and respect. Kind of makes what's going on with, at least Christianity, a lot worse than just saying 'God made the Universe in six days,' doesn't it? =( newlinechar  newlinechar So why are there so many examples of barbarism in the bible?  Things that any sane person would consider completely immoral today? newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; So if the core commandment, the cornerstone upon which the entire religion is built, is love and respect then why is that the one thing they most need to work on? Well, I could write a book on that! =D Basically it sums up to human nature. It's easier for me to try to change you than it is to try to change me and, when I fail, it's easier to persecute you while claiming that you're actually trying to persecute me than anything else. After all, you're the one really at fault for all the world's ills, not me! (Not really, I like you a lot and I'm sure you're a great guy! =D ) newlinechar  newlinechar That's a laudable philosophy, my question is: why would a moral person require the threat of eternal damnation by an all-powerful creator to be moral?  Religion seems to be a way to scare people into the kind of moral behavior that atheists exhibit without any mythical threat. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; So does this mean you need religion? If you think it'll help! Otherwise you know you better than anyone and I'm sure you're doing a great job at being the best you you can be! Keep up the good work! =D newlinechar  newlinechar So do you think that people should believe something simply because it will have a good outcome if they believe it?  I think you should only believe something if there is evidence that it is true, regardless of the consequences.	Namaskar! newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;So, genesis does not tell the story of how god created the universe? What was it about? newlinechar  newlinechar Well, Genesis as a whole sets the stage for the history of the Jewish people. We're talking about the creation myth in Genesis 1 and Genesis 2. Consider [this link's resources](http://www.chabad.org/library/bible_cdo/aid/8165#showrashi=true), especially R. Isaac's note under Genesis 1:1: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Said Rabbi Isaac: It was not necessary to begin the Torah except from “This month is to you,” (Exod. 12:2) which is the first commandment that the Israelites were commanded, (for the main purpose of the Torah is its commandments, and although several commandments are found in Genesis, e.g., circumcision and the prohibition of eating the thigh sinew, they could have been included together with the other commandments). **Now for what reason did He commence with “In the beginning?”** *Because of [the verse] “The strength of His works He related to His people, to give them the inheritance of the nations” (Ps. 111:6). For if the nations of the world should say to Israel, “You are robbers, for you conquered by force the lands of the seven nations [of Canaan],” they will reply, 'The entire earth belongs to the Holy One, blessed be He; He created it (this we learn from the story of the Creation) and gave it to whomever He deemed proper When He wished, He gave it to them, and when He wished, He took it away from them and gave it to us.* newlinechar  newlinechar The author(s) of Genesis didn't want anyone to be able to come along and place a better claim on anything the Jews had claimed or any action they were doing. The creation myth exists as a way of saying 'Our God created all this. If we're doing it it's because the One who created everything told us to.' newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;So why are there so many examples of barbarism in the bible? Things that any sane person would consider completely immoral today? newlinechar  newlinechar This is a really indepth subject. I'm also a student of ancient civilizations and manuscripts. If you peruse some of my previous comments you'll see I recently discussed stoning in ancient Judaism. There I mention the cardinal rule when it comes to the study of ancient civilizations/manuscripts/languages/what-have-you: context. It's all about context. newlinechar  newlinechar Further, Christian Old Testament, Jewish Tanakh, presents examples of where man is not perfect and has to be continually returned to the grace of God. Consider the deuteronomistic pattern of redemption: God and Israel are in harmony, Israel upsets God (idolatry is a favorite), God punishes Israel (with an exile or captivity or drought, as examples), Israel realizes they messed up and asks God's forgiveness, God forgives them and they return to square one. newlinechar  newlinechar In other words: it presents a lesson that you *will* mess up, God *will* forgive you, you *will* mess up again. newlinechar  newlinechar There's a lot I could say on this subject but that's probably the most simple approach for now. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;That's a laudable philosophy, my question is: why would a moral person require the threat of eternal damnation by an all-powerful creator to be moral? Religion seems to be a way to scare people into the kind of moral behavior that atheists exhibit without any mythical threat. newlinechar  newlinechar The threat of eternal damnation didn't exist until later under the rule of the Christian church and was brought forth from a perverted translation of the scriptures in order to control adherents. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;So do you think that people should believe something simply because it will have a good outcome if they believe it? I think you should only believe something if there is evidence that it is true, regardless of the consequences. newlinechar  newlinechar A lot of people play the lottery because they believe it'll have a good outcome. =P newlinechar  newlinechar No, seriously, concerning Hinduism: *guna*. It means 'string' but in a more abstract sense it means 'division' or 'quality'. So what are *gunas* and why are they important? newlinechar  newlinechar This is going to be very concise as this is a long, difficult subject. Basically there are three *gunas*: *sattva*, creation or 'good', *rajas*, motion or 'passion', and *tamas*, destruction or 'indifference'. newlinechar  newlinechar One of the lessons we observe in the epics, as well as the *Vedas* is that there are two, primary types of worshipers (just in general!); those who worship in *sattva guna* and those who worship in *rajas guna*. Those in *sattva guna* worship God because they believe It is the Absolute Reality. Their worship consists almost entirely of compassion, adoration, love, obedience, and so on. These worshipers are rare and what most of us strive to be. Then there are those who worship in *rajas guna*, these are the worshipers who believe that if God exists then God can, somehow, be affected to provide them boons. Money, love, security, etc. their worship consists almost entirely of doing certain things at certain times in order to somehow convince God that they're worthy of this boon. Kind of like a kid with a messy room who *really* wants that new video game; oh he'll clean his room right now and act like things have changed, but once you hand him that game that's the last time you'll see that room cleaned until the sequel comes out. =P newlinechar  newlinechar So do I think people should only believe something because it will have a good outcome if they believe it? No. That's part of the reason I'm not out handing out religious tracks or trying to follow people around going 'Hey, hey you! Hey buddy! Heard the word of Shiva? If you don't listen to me you'll be bound up in *samsara* forever!'.
Don't have comptia, always heard it was useful to have. Just looked up the sample exam questions on A+ cert. Dear jesus, people actually hire you just with that? I could have had the damn thing at the age of 14! newlinechar  newlinechar Hell, I knew 90% of the Network+ stuff and I've only poked around a router about 3 times in the last 5 years... newlinechar  newlinechar Guess I'll set aside a weekend and grab a few of these :)	I think A+ is good if you are not in IT and want to be, but I wouldn't bother if you already work in IT.
The new dbrand reddit account? No chance of getting /u/dbrandinc back?	Unfortunately it looks like that one was lost. It's okay... it's still us :)
For clarification, what exactly happened? I wasn't there for it.	Fundamentally, it's irrelevant at this point. What matters is that there is an expectation of civil behavior that is the norm around here and every effort will be made to preserve it, up to and including the banning of users who deliberately seek to disrupt the community through inappropriate behavior. Having an  unpopular opinion is perfectly acceptable and no one should ever feel like they are unwelcome because they have an unpopular or different opinion. Even if your opinion is the commonly held one, if you can't state it and disagree with someone in a civil, polite, and courteous manner, all necessary actions will be taken to preserve the open, friendly, and welcoming environment this group has. We have a rare thing on the Internet and even rarer in Internet Heathenry, and I am immensely proud of this. It is wonderful to see that we have a place where people can come together, learn, share ideas, and connect with others in a frithful manner.  
[They Do.](http://cdn2.cagepotato.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/15ebbd5.jpg)  Kimbo did this to James Thompson.	That's definitely an 'ohhhhh shit!' moment.
Reading your post makes me think you're a bit stuck up and prissy, maybe too much for your own good. YOU have baggage too, maybe not from dating but from life. You're wanting some great guy who is nice, charming and totally together.. But this is real life, those people don't exist. Everyone is messed up in some way and you find someone you fit with and can work together with, usually because love brought you close enough to find out if your broken bits fit together to make a more complete whole. newlinechar  newlinechar  	I don't think OP is stuck up and prissy.  She's just idealistic and hopeful which isn't a bad thing.   newlinechar However, I do like what you said at the end which I found oddly beautiful.  You're right, everyone is messed up in some way or another.  I especially loved the last part 'love brought you close enough to find out if your broken bits ft together to make a more complete whole.'  that's an awesome line.  
Thanks! This is the first clear, helpful answer I've found so far.	You are very welcome!
You shouldn't eat seafood that's died of natural causes. You never know what could have killed it or how long its been sitting in that tank making watered down cold soup. 	We do know what killed it. Natural causes. 
Score?	43-39 EWU
&gt;  I want the tigers to win. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; I pray to god LSU gets the shit beat out of them. newlinechar  newlinechar I... uh... thanks?	So, he wants LSU to win by split-decision after going a full 12 rounds.
Funny thing is I do not recall that at all. Not a single memory. 	And this guy seems to recall nothing else.
Wtf is that!	It looks like a hornet nest.
Its just until we get pregnant honey, don't worry. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: I actually feel really bad for saying this.	'We'll just keep trying. I'm sure it'll happen.'
He'd be the heart of the movie and remind Chell that they could get out of Aperture Science as long as they have each other.	.. After which the protagonist throws the cube into the incinerator to complete the test.
yes will do, ill try to get swatches as well	awesome!
For a few weeks. We have a few players on the PUP and a few suspensions. Don't see them carrying 4 QBs after.	They'll wait and see what happens between now and when Rob/Jenkins come back. If some other team goes into deep shit mode in QB and they can get ANYTHING for him, they'll dish. If not, he's gone. 
Sarcasm? Please be sarcasm. HOW ABOUT SOME FUCKING MONEY IN EXCHANGE FOR SAVING $$$ MONEY.	Haha, you have a good point.  I was just really relieved that it wasn't one of those stories where the guy ends up being fired for it.  
Apparently, the artist failed to properly draw breasts, i.e. they defy the laws of gravity.	I'm sure the rigidity of the armor supports them.
Health insurance won't cover a $2,000 ambulance bill for alcohol poisoning	Well, that depends on the health insurance.
With the likes of Nancy Pelosi in favor of military intervention, chances are slim that they are going to turn Obama down. Also, he knows that he could launch an attack without them, as per Libya. He wouldn't be asking unless he was quite certain that they would say yes. 	To be fair, that's broadly what David Cameron assumed in the UK and, it turned out that enough public pressure and discussion about the legitimacy of any military action (never mind whether it would remotely do what its supposed to, be appropriate, or indeed whether there aren't several other options that should be taken first..) ensured that a lot of MP's voted against a motion - less than one might have hoped, certainly less than what you might expect from public opinion (although that's not entirely a bad thing..) - but enough to stop it dead. newlinechar  newlinechar That's the first time that has happened in the UK for rather a long time.. 1782 in fact..
Soulforged by Blind Guardian is about Raistlin Majere from Dragonlance. newlinechar  newlinechar Hand of Sorrow by Within Tempation is about FitzChivalry Farseer from Farseer Chronicles.	Pretty much everything by Blind Guardian is about fictional character. *Nightfall in Middle-Earth* was based on the Silmarilion and *And then there was silence* is based on the Illiad for example.
Pure speculation: perhaps after they revisited TOS plots in the early days (eg: The Naked Now) and got a fair bit of criticism for it, they wanted to stay away from it. newlinechar  newlinechar (It's a shame maybe: remembering crazy bearded Riker from the Borg-overrun universe in the episode 'Parallels', how I would have loved to have seen a sort of bizarre weird mirror universe episode set there.) newlinechar 	That Riker was so freaked out because he finally encountered a race he couldn't seduce.
imagine crowell	Yeah, if he was still on the team, they could just shoot at the defense rather than bother with breaking tackles
Not quite, a PU is more like having a King vassal in CK2 because they can rebel against you.	neither of those is correct, the shift in the effect of PUs from instantly having power in the new territory to EU's intergration mechanics is a good way to demonstrate the over arching goal in ck and eu being different games.  ck is about when landed families were the all important power sources, who used land to control power.  and eu is about how the land, the state is the power and the people just reside in it.  the difference in how PUs work is a good metaphor for the evolution of states in general.
Thats awesome, thank you very much. 	I think this one is better if your lids aren't very flat. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.amazon.com/DecoBros-Pot-Rack-Chrome-Finish/dp/B00COC83HY newlinechar 
Yeah, I only knew Socrates through Plato's writing previously. This is great! newlinechar  newlinechar I will note that the close of that chapter is somewhat terpy: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; “But, by Jupiter,” exclaimed Socrates, “I do not wish that I should be drawn to you, but that you should come to me.” “I will come then,” said she, “only take care to let me in,” “I will let you in,” replied he, “if another more acceptable than you be not within.” newlinechar  newlinechar Kinda badass, that. I haven't 'seen' Socrates with women much. He seems to prefer the company of bright young men in most cases, heh.	Yeah, Socrates is as much of a sexist douche as the rest of the Greeks. Part of that dialogue's humor is that Socrates is doing to Theodota what he's teachig her to do to other people. It's actually kinda Athenian Game, lol
have they said when it will be up on youtube/somewhere else to watch the whole lot? I just came in and don't want to see later bits before the whole.	Hmm, last year they added it to youtube somewhere in the middle of september if I remember correctly. Beside that, best Acq Inc D&amp;D game so far! No weird halts like previous years. It was interesting and funny from the start to the end. :)
Mine is [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lI5YjgJ_qek) or [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdiY6kijYHE).	Came here to post your second choice. Such a dope song.
I was sad when they all died :(	They were so well done as characters, the first characters that I really tried to like before they got eaten, simply because I thought they were too good to get killed.... I was so wrong.
thebox.bz = hannibal. He hasn't released any SkyF1 contents for a while due to copyright issues. To the contrary he was one of very few that covered BBC(Setanta) F1 this season and certainly he was the best when it comes to immediacy. Sorry to hear this news. :'(	There were a lot more cappers than just Hannibal.  Although he was/is amazingly organised at capping and has dozens of computers down in his dungeon where thebox staff have to guard him (occasionally he did break out though). newlinechar  newlinechar Seriously though all the others like TheDazz, Golficus, BedTimeBear, Penna and many more often got over looked.
[How's this?;)](http://i.imgur.com/zS9PPh8.gif)	[You know I love it and can't resist ;)](http://i.imgur.com/yvSihXc.gif)
I should also mention that I've been watching the show live each season for the past five years and purchase each season the day they come out for the past five years as well. I do the marathon every year, adding the most recent season each time.	I bought five at Target for $30 bucks on blu ray. I am pissed though I missed out on the shirt from best buy. 
Emeritus tag?	Formerly employed by reddit. Alexis Ohanian actually uses the reddit-cofounder tag instead.
We do have two, but one has the shower and the other has the bath, so we kinda both need to use both. I initially thought the double-holder plan was a goer... But then I realised I wouldn't be able to look at his stupid wrong-way-round roll, so I'd have to turn it over. He'd almost certainly do the same, and thus; we'd have doubled the amount of roll turning required.	Hmm... how about a roll holder on each side of the room? Make sure to stare only at 'your' wall as you walk in and out.
Well, it's technically piracy but I go on manga reader. If you want to start watching anime, Netflix has a selection, inc. Full Metal Alchemist: Brotherhood which seems to be a great starter anime for most people.	Love FMA!
Because the game is easy as fuck. 	Yup, it really is. Come to think of it, I should change the difficulty from normal for the last 10% I have left to complete.
Thanks for swift response! I like the comic, but I didn't know anything about the author. Been reading around the web...seems like he's an asshole...	Yeah I really liked the comic but after a series of just frankly dumb statements from the author I just dropped it. 
Irish tourist video? PLEASE tell me you have a link, I'm intrigued (and more than a little scared to know).	The video may have been taken down but if you look up Aaron Paul + tourists on YouTube I think it was cloned. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.reddit.com/r/breakingbad/comments/1j3uh7/youtube_vid_of_aaron_paul_being_incredibly/
You want reactionary, I'll give you reactionary: newlinechar  newlinechar 1 - Sturridge will score 25+ in the prem, 40+ in all competition. newlinechar  newlinechar 2 - He and Lambert are Englands best forwards. newlinechar  newlinechar 3 - Chelsea are selling Mata and are the new thugs of Europe. newlinechar  newlinechar 4 - Arsenal will fight for relegation and Wenger needs to step down immediately. newlinechar  newlinechar 5 - Tottenham are favourites for the Premier League title and are a shoe-in for champions league. newlinechar  newlinechar /s newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar *edit - forgot to add obligatory '/s' for those that couldn't tell I was being sarcastic.	I like you.
*sister	At first, i was like 'Ok well you didn't say your relationship' but then I remembered that I live with my younger brother and the amount of people that think he's my boyfriend is frustrating. So I apologize.
http://i.minus.com/iY9WEyLirOGQX.gif	You should have opened with this one
Huh?	Meant is as it wasn't fucking with you, sorry I see now it wasn't clear
Thank you for that. But how did you find that? I'm really wondering how the fuck did you find that? The picture I shared I found it on Twitter. And here you have the whole album by this one chick. Is she well known or What?	It's tripson, aka michelle_ww, a WickedWeasel amateur swimsuit model. newlinechar  newlinechar https://twitter.com/Michelle_T_WW newlinechar  newlinechar She's pretty well known by admirers of callipygian women.
thank you , i have a big old pool i have been contemplating using for a catfish pond however still working on cheap heating ideas lol newlinechar  newlinechar how many gallons is a 18 foot circle at 4 feet ?lol that outta hold a couple	If by 18 feet you mean diameter then the volume is ((18/2)^2) *Pi*4 = 1017.88 cubic feet which equals 7614.271 gallons. newlinechar  newlinechar If by 18 feet you mean circumference then the radius is 18/(2*Pi) = 2.87 feet. Therefore the volume would be (2.87^2)*Pi*4 = 103.13 cubic feet which equals 771.465 gallons. newlinechar  newlinechar Either way lots of water. newlinechar  newlinechar 
/r/conspiracy is thataway ----&gt;	it should be /r/conspiracytheory and don't forget that.  newlinechar 
Well, thank you for your considered response.  newlinechar  newlinechar I'm still pissed off though.	I don't blame you at all.  It's been a good game so far.  Good luck, but I've gotta root for auburn.  My wife is an alum.
The backstory is actually a mystery told with hints in the environment. We think people will like it :)	Classic discover yourself, brilliant!
How sad.  A 1 in 30 Million creature that managed to fall through the cracks and die.  There are probably hundreds of people out there that would have given a shit ton of money to have it live in their collection.	I think you meant to post this in the lobster thread.... Unless their are people who have private collection of gym rat meat heads.
I think I would've done a better job with MS paint. 	Prove it!
You come from a different country, and thus a different value system. In Canada criminal matters are under the jurisdiction of the federal government exclusively. There is one federal Criminal Code, it is widely understood and respected, and there is no lack of avenues by the average citizen to participate in its amendment. So in this sense, this aspect of the 'government' is synonymous with the public and the average citizen. And no hazard applies to letting 'the government' determine your morals.  newlinechar  newlinechar In any case, your original argument was flawed anyway. You confused respect for the law and respect for the concept of equality before the law as synonymous with letting all aspects of government determine one's morality. Faulty reasoning.	I didn't confuse anything.  I just happen to believe that equality doesn't mean treating everybody equally shitty.
Manhattan and the 5 boroughs contain something like 12 million people - That would take something like 2 weeks to evacuate even if you knew something was coming. From Ready go, to Done. Not to mention the logistics of setting up an evacuation of 12 million beforehand. 	That's if you're *only* evacuating people by boat and with *only* the resources those people had. I'm pretty sure a government sponsored evac would have many more resources and use planes/helicopers/clear the roads for large buses as well.
I guess Don was *hanging* around with the wrong kind of people. 	Let's not get *hung up* on Don's personal life choices. 
Check that you're controlling your ship from the front (opposite end of engines).  It's entirely possible that its calculating an orbit relative to the MechJeb unit or some other control part (probe core, cockpit, docking port) and you have a different idea of which part is 'front'.  Right click and pick 'control from here'.	That was the first thing I checked,  There's nothing as embarrassing as having your craft do a 180 degree turn 100 feet off the pad because the MJ module is on upside down. newlinechar  newlinechar 
Start of I Don't Like Remix always gets my hype as fuck.	That whole song gets me hype as fuck.
I think you do not understand GvGs.  newlinechar  newlinechar GvGs were created in WvW in a certain way, to cater to certain people who want a certain game mode. If they wanted objectives, they'd siege SM or go play tpvp.  newlinechar  newlinechar GvG in it's current incarnation (and what it represents as of now) is a balanced DEATH MATCH on a large, organized scale. newlinechar  newlinechar To clarify: *I am part of the semi-hardcore GvG scene and I have not met a single person in the scene who I can even slightly suspect would be interested in EITHER fighting OR collect fucking relics.* newlinechar  newlinechar **People GvG to fight, to kill, to test skill, not to chase a mob or whatever you meant by that suggestion**	20v20 isn't GvG.
&gt;because people mistakenly believe that... newlinechar  newlinechar ...no *true* Scotsman...	That fallacy is not in play there.
Why only 3/4? By 2013 standards, I'd say 4/4. I could see back in 2000 when spyware and Trojans were extremely malicious and there was a pop up on every damn site, but it's not really the case today. 	Avast/Google gives me a pop up every other day, and I don't even visit many shady sites. newlinechar  newlinechar 
A lot of those things could not work (particularly the adventurer staying as the squad leader when you play as him again), but if it does, it should be pretty awesome.	Ya, there are a lot of 'what if' possibilities, but even if I cant get the squad to follow me off the map, I'll just recruit some near-by humans.
I really want to hear the ending to this story. Is everything ok now? Are you on good terms with your step-mom? newlinechar  newlinechar If it brings up bad memories, you don't have to continue. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: I saw further down. Thanks!	The super happy ending is that they got divorced, then my dad was careful with his next wife, and they've been together for almost 10 years. My current step-mom is an amazing person.
Because it has your partner's stats at the bottom and the gif has it take place at night?	I think the more obvious thing is the glowing outline on the objective item.
Well... He can dodge shadow strike sure, but I think a good QoP will have the upper hand over a good tusk.	Qop can't blink offensively as blink is the only protection from a combo. However it's more so that tusk doesn't lose the lane at lvl 1 compared to other mids
If your genie will not grant infinite wishes, and isn't persuaded to by beatings or sexual brutality, just wish for a second genie of the opposite gender so you can breed them to make more genies.	or wish for the ability wish for more wishes. on a second thought force breeding genies sounds more fun
43-39 EWU	Nice. Go red field dudes!
So did the FBI, they took almost my whole stash :c 	D:
I don't know. This is the only thing I use the Internet for.	wow so im not the only one
Wait, back the fuck up. *Rooms?*	I went to leonard wood, had the same set up. 7 or 8 recruits to a room. There was no door of course.
The primary concern here is that if I can't actually use it to view materials in Black Board or Open Campus, the thing is useless to me.  Do you have any experience using these?  What about Java?	i cant say about blackboard specifically, but my school uses something thats very similar and almost the same thing and I haven't had any problems with it. pretty much everything that opens in a website browser has run fine for me.
What kind of breed is that?  It's stunning! newlinechar 	Thanks...not sure of breed.  Just a offspring of some beautiful stray cats. The mom was calico and a stray that ended up at my friends house. 
I was 19 and living in London working as a nanny so I saw the BBC coverage. I remember being scared I might never get home. When the second plane hit, it took me a second to realize it wasn't a replay of the first one. 	&gt;  I remember being scared I might never get home. newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah, [every plane grounded or diverted away from US airspace](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bo1ZtpKqlYw), pretty heavy stuff.
*whoosh*	Looking for [this?](http://i.imgur.com/axJmn.gif)
Apparently it is caused by putting a goto in a loop.  It's an error on the calculators part, not on the codes. newlinechar  newlinechar but that's all I could find.	Well I'm getting down voted for some reason. But yes, if you put a goto in anything that expects an 'end' statement, its going to cause a memory loop because it'll keep opening more and more loops without reaching an end statement. So you have a bunch of loops that aren't getting terminated. This is an error in the code, as you have to respect the limitations and find a way around it.
LIES. 	TRUTHS.
Glad to see they weren't bitter about the whole 'psh, forget your New Amsterdam nonsense, York forever!' flap.	America didn't take New Amsterdam from the Dutch, England did. The Dutch were probably eager to give England a small 'fuck you' for taking it from them.
None of my friends like video games, so I tend not to get games like payday that pretty much require group play.	Check out some of the multiplayer subs then, all I can come up with off the top of my head is /r/playdate but I'm certain there are others. Having reasonable people on the other end to shout at like a frightened toddler helps massively. 
10/10 would slowly back away 	it's ok, i already lost you&lt;/3
Obama cares, they're currently his only ally on Syria. 	The French did a lot of heavy lifting in Libya. 
'Soup or salad' 'soup or salad' ... I'll take the supersalad.	/r/dadjokes
Just awkward but that's why you fit and we love you. 	Awh, I love you as well random citizen.
'We're best friends forever, best friends forever, yeah!'	[Best friends forever, best friends forever, ring!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEQBD58R25U)
Outrange her with someone like Lux. Annie has very low spell ranges on her abilities, Xerath wouldn't be a bad pick vs her either.	Alright I will try lux. Although I try the range thing with Ori...
She'll definitely talk to him about amanda but that's a rich subject. And She can only ask 5 or 6 questions.	True, especially if he goes in the DE it will be rushed.
He's really more of a slug-man.	No he's a Yoshi!
What's that have to do with anything?	Did you miss everything above my comment? newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1lh5vv/meanwhile_at_mozilla_hq/cbz83mk &lt; reference to Avatar: TLoK. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1lh5vv/meanwhile_at_mozilla_hq/cbz8685 &lt; stating he/she can't wait for season 2 of it. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1lh5vv/meanwhile_at_mozilla_hq/cbz9cnu &lt; asking what 'book 2' means, having missed the reference.
The differences in the two intro's are hilarious. It went from the most intense intro ever to the most calm and lucid haha, change in tastes I suppose	Much because a change in taste, but also because the 'epic, intense' type of intro didn't really work. It didn't quite catch the effect I wanted. newlinechar The complete opposite, however, did. And I was happy! :D Working on a new intro though. Will be much the same as the latest one, but much shorter.
I'm in....you...like a fetus. newlinechar  newlinechar :o	mmmm...
A WILD SPOOK HAS APPEARED!	2spooky4us.
That is also true of any computer at all. Therefore kids shouldn't be allowed near computers.	certianly not without supervision. I have no kids, but when i was growing up it was made clear the computer was in a family room where it could be seen. This *only* changed when i was around 15/16 and deemed old enough to be trusted. The same rule was imposed on pretty much all of my friends too. This common sense seems to have just gone out the window now.
Great advice. I suck at support so I wouldn't be doing that anyway =P. I definitely prefer the solo lanes and I was lucky enough to get either top or mid every time in my placement matches. Not sure if I'll be able to continue that trend but my next move is going to be playing mostly normals for awhile just to get better at the game before I jump back into ranked.	Yeah thats a smart idea but honestly I think this is the perfect time to play ranked. Its the end of the season, the games you play wont matter for like 3-4 months unless you're gold + since you will be getting victorious skin and all that. Also you will learn to adapt to ranked for the next season, like I said play it like its normal, even if you think u don't belong to your elo, just play. You will get way better, you will play with mroe expirianced players since alot of them played normals like you think about it, but when you think about it, its an epic time to start playing ranked, and you will start from playing rankeds, you will adapt to rankeds style, I mean like warding and all those things that alot of people tempt to do in rankeds but not in normals. I would really highly recommend for you just to start playing ranked as if  they were normal games, you have nothing to lose.
That is my intent, I just don't know how to finance it all yet. Getting a job, apartment, etc. doesn't happen overnight. 	Good luck with that. While it is expensive, I absolutely loved my time in Pittsburgh. I'm currently back home in Florida, but I'm dying to get back to the city. Thinking of applying to Pitt Med just to get back
In her defence? Why don't you stop being a judgemental fuckwad OP, she might be a great &amp; loving mom - you don't know.	Regardless of her being a 'great and loving mom' as you say, if she's smoking while pregnant she deserves to have that lit cigarette stuck in her eye.
'Does it involve sneaking and stabbing? *Please* Say yes!'	'*STAB STAB STAB STAB STAB STAB STAB!*' -Cicero 
What sound does it make when you open a bottle/can of fizzy carbonated drink? newlinechar  newlinechar POP! newlinechar  newlinechar Saying pop makes perfect sense.	'Pssshhhhht'...? newlinechar  newlinechar Nah, back in the day (and still today by dinosaurs and the non-lazy), it was called 'soda pop.'  Since most of us are lazy, we shortened the name to 'pop,' while certain deviants took the opposite half.  I assume the 'pop' came from the fizzy bubbles when the beverage is first poured as it was coined in 1861, ~40 years before it was ever bottled.
This is a wonderful photo. newlinechar  newlinechar Sharbat Gula had been living in a village with her parents, grandparents, and sister when the Soviets bombed her village and a helicopter gunship murdered her parents.  She fled with her sisters and grandparents to a refugee camp in Pakistan, where this photo was taken in 1984.  She was about twelve years old. newlinechar  newlinechar She married a few years after this, definitely before she was 18, and returned to Afghanistan at around 20. newlinechar  newlinechar When she was 30 (in 2002), photographers found her again and took her picture again - [here they are side-by-side](http://s.ngm.com/afghan-girl/images/afghan-girl.jpg).  She'd had three daughters, and hoped that they would receive the education she never could. newlinechar  newlinechar I don't know what happened to her after 2002, but the last 11 years haven't been great for Afghanistan.   newlinechar  newlinechar 	Her eyes aren't as piercing anymore. Now, her eyes are almost normal. :[
Any student who truly values their education should use the Modern OneNote app religiously when able to.	I'm an avid OneNote user. (OneNote 2010) newlinechar  newlinechar what's new in OneNote 2013? (except full screen mode)
He's not immortal, he just can't die via age/disease. Chop his head off and he's still gonna die.	Suppose I should have clarified. Normally when I hear the word immortal it's taken to mean 'doesn't die of old age, but can be killed.' This is opposed to the word invincible which would imply that he can't die period. newlinechar  newlinechar Actually looking at the definition of immortal, it seems to have a more specific meaning than the general one people tend to throw around a lot. newlinechar  newlinechar I just meant that the Nerevarine might not fit the OP's criteria since he's immortal in the sense that he can't die of age or disease. newlinechar 
Inbound, pay when you get on. newlinechar Outbound, pay when you get off.	As an addenum, there are a few buses where you always pay when you get on, regardless of direction, due to reasons such as not stopping in downtown (such as the 54C/D) or only allowing riders on in one direction (such as the 28X)
Nope, broke his arm in the Tampa Bay game. Came back right near the end of the season.	I guess Chris playing 7 games straight feels like a lot to me...
Post on /r/fatpeoplestories	Where people know how to appreciate a good Whale tale
I'm really surprised to see Bumphis, McNutt and Tyms on there.  Matthews made the 4th spot, but no depth behind him?  Wow.  Waiver wire for sure. newlinechar  newlinechar And Egnew makes it another year, for now anyways. newlinechar  newlinechar Pretty upset about A.J. Francis too, really got to like the guy following him on twitter. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Full 53 man roster detailed here: newlinechar  newlinechar Quarterbacks (3): Ryan Tannehill, Matt Moore, Pat Devlin newlinechar  newlinechar Running backs (4): Lamar Miller, Daniel Thomas, Mike Gillislee, Marcus Thigpen newlinechar  newlinechar Fullbacks (1): Evan Rodriguez newlinechar  newlinechar Wide receivers (4): Brian Hartline, Mike Wallace, Brandon Gibson, Rishard Matthews  newlinechar  newlinechar Tight ends (3): Charles Clay, Dion Sims, Michael Egnew newlinechar  newlinechar Offensive linemen (9): Jonathan Martin, Richie Incognito, Mike Pouncey, John Jerry, Tyson Clabo, Nate Garner, Josh Samuda, Dallas Thomas, Will Yeatman newlinechar  newlinechar Defensive linemen (8): Olivier Vernon, Cameron Wake, Jared Odrick, Paul Soliai, Randy Starks, Derrick Shelby, Dion Jordan, Vaughn Martin newlinechar  newlinechar Linebackers (7): Koa Misi, Dannell Ellerbe, Philip Wheeler, Jason Trusnik, Jelani Jenkins, Jonathan Freeny, Josh Kaddu newlinechar  newlinechar Defensive backs (11): Brent Grimes, Dimitri Patterson, Chris Clemons, Reshad Jones, Kelcie McCray, Jimmy Wilson, Nolan Carroll, Jamar Taylor, Will Davis, Don Jones, R.J. Stanford newlinechar  newlinechar Specialists (3): Brandon Fields, Caleb Sturgis, John Denney	Yeah I'm really surprised at the McNutt cut. I haven't seen anything of particular interest on waivers at WR (maybe Tavarres King or Gettis) though, they might be exploring trades at the position (unlikely for a #5) or they might be happy with Thigpen as the fifth guy. newlinechar  newlinechar Also I didn't expect Kheeston Randall getting cut. Thought he played well at DT, better than Vaughn Martin had anyway. newlinechar  newlinechar That's one crowded defensive backfield. Don Jones is a guy I'd expect to get waived soon to make space for another WR.
¿verdad?	ORALE VERDAD QUE SIIII
It's okay, I learned that sand has quartz. Plus we had a civil conversation. Hmm. Tornado release seems like a good idea, maybe like a dust devil. Add fire and we get Dust Release.	That gave me an idea! newlinechar  newlinechar So Earth release allows density manipulation and Wind has cutting power. newlinechar  newlinechar What if Tornado release allows the user to control the density of a wind cutting technique and direction.  Essentially a weaker rasenshuriken but with control ever direction and size...?  Temari uses that special wind slash in the Sasuke Rescue Arc and it has a lot of cutting power but no brute force. newlinechar  newlinechar Another possibility is a wind-wall, invisible wall that can be shape manipulated...?
Not really a food, but I despise ketchup with every bone in my body. 	Same man, it's so horrible
This is awesome, better than most songs/tunes now-a-days. I downloaded it too newlinechar  newlinechar All hail the mindcrack national anthem	Hahaha.  Who knew a national anthem could be written and recorded while hung over on a lazy Saturday afternoon?
Will I lose strength on a Suicide? Should intake bcaa's to lessen the side effects of the suicide?	GOSAD
I wanted bullet points :(	I tried to interpret it more concisely, but I warn you it may miss some of the points he tried to make. Put on its own, the flaws in this advice really stand out: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; One: Don't lay groundwork, cut straight to the meat of the story. newlinechar  newlinechar Flaw: Starting a story in medias res ('In the middle of things') is a bold, difficult move. And even then you'll have to retroactively set up the background and setting. You can't just have your book occur in a stasis, locked off from the rest of the world it's supposed to occupy. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Two: Don't give 'background action' the same importance as 'foreground action' (Don't let your protagonists get overshadowed by your setting description). newlinechar  newlinechar This is actually decent advice, some writers get completely carried away with their flowery descriptions (One of the criticisms people have of Tolkien and George RR Martin, in fact, a major problem with a lot of fantasy books) and it makes the action in the book take a back seat. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Three: Telling instead of showing brings the atmosphere of the book to life with more ease. newlinechar  newlinechar Flaw: From my point of view, this is simply incorrect. I'll get far more immersed in a book if it goes into a nice bit of detail about what's happening rather than giving me a flat 'This happened. That happened. He looked like this, then she looked like that.' newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Four: Telling is more evocative than showing, it helps create a more well-defined 'picture' in the reader's head of what's happening. newlinechar  newlinechar Flaw: This is correct, but a bit divisive. I'm not on my own here, but I'm aware people feel differently. I will always prefer a book that lets me build my own image of what something looks like. I don't like to be told about every little item in a particular scene, I like letting my imagination do a bit of legwork. If an author actually follows through with this, it can fall completely flat. Especially if it's a detailed picture s/he's building. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Five: Extraneous details must be dispensed with in order to show off your story's point. newlinechar  newlinechar Flaw: It's hard to have a good story without a rich, interesting setting to base it around. To get a rich, interesting setting, you're probably going to have to throw off a few (otherwise superfluous) details on it now and then. Not so much your writing appears obsessed with it, but not so little that the story seems to forget about it. Stories happen in living, breathing worlds and they should reflect that. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Final note: 'Don't worry about 'Show, don't tell'. It is only good advice when you are skilled enough not to need it anymore.' newlinechar  newlinechar Flaw: This seems to imply that there's some invisible skill-based threshold at which solid advice suddenly applies. All good writing advice applies all the time. Depending on the genre you're working on, you may not need to follow all of it, but at least keep it all in mind as you write. newlinechar  newlinechar Quick-edit: Formatting.
Moar.  I need moar.  Why did he puke? What made his eyes go large?	The flu. He took three days off and felt well enough to go to Jenny's birthday potluck on Thursday.
I think the NAP sufficiently describes this as theft.  newlinechar  newlinechar Might I steal in an emergency? Yeah, probably - as a last resort. On the other hand I would expect retaliation, I would not try to redefine it as 'not theft' (as people there were) - once I get out of those circumstances you can bet the farm that I would make restitution. newlinechar  newlinechar As for people thinking libertarians are crazy, I don't really care what they think. The type of people who think it's permissible to just take what you want and pretend it's not theft form the basis of a society not worth living in. Just because I value life in general doesn't mean I have to value the lives of aggressors (or those who support aggression) as much as those who don't aggress. newlinechar  newlinechar As for someone shooting at the helicopter, that's obviously up to the individual, but I certainly don't think the thief is justified in shooting back - they're in the wrong. newlinechar  newlinechar People looting and stealing in an emergency has become a characteristic of uncivilized countries. Most of the time they're just taking stuff because no one's there to stop them and in the other remaining cases it can be chalked up to poor planning. newlinechar  newlinechar Fires are a regular occurrence. People can plan for those things; part of the plan should *never* be just taking what you want - that's the government's first and last resort. They use emergency power to justify just about everything and historically emergency power has taken more lives than it has saved. newlinechar  newlinechar In a libertarian society I would certainly have allowed people to use water on my property to put out a fire, but if someone wants to be 'crazy' with their property it is their right to do so.  newlinechar  newlinechar I don't want to live in a society full of opportunistic thieves who the law actually *does* discourage; if that's the price for living in society then I don't really care if it burns down so the nightmare I am living in can come to an end. newlinechar 	There is plenty of room for discussion. Simplified down to the essentials the situation is: newlinechar  newlinechar  - There is some kind of an emergency. I need something you have, a tool or some other resource, to either prevent bodily injury, death, or a great loss/destruction of resources. You are either not there to give permission for use of that resource, it would take too long to ask for permission, or you outright refuse to give permission. newlinechar  - Do I have the right to use your resources under any of the above circumstances? Do you have the right to defend your resources in the same circumstances using up to an including deadly force? newlinechar  - Let's say I use $1 worth of your resources without permission to save a million dollars worth of damage to my own property. The numbers are about right for the case of helicopter using water from a pool to put out an expensive home that's on fire. If afterwards you seek damages for the $1 of water, how is it reasonable to award? After all, if the resources you took from me prevented a million dollars worth of damage to your property, it could be argued that those resources were really worth one million and you should be compensated by that amount. newlinechar  newlinechar I think society is interested in some leeway when it comes to cases such as this as it makes society as a whole wealthier. Almost without exception all of us would consider letting a man die of thirst by denying him water as completely immoral. 
see my comment on MrCheeze's submission	i guess I flew over the bell-curve of shitty and landed in the ironic zone xD
enjoy that shit!  I am not as experienced as others, w/ eating AVB, but apparently there is a sliding scale of how potent the edibles are, compared to how much you vape it.  green/light brown AVB will give you a kick in the ass, while dark brown AVB won't be as potent.  and make sure you finely grind your avb before eating it, because that shit is going to taste NASTY, so you want to dilute the flavor. newlinechar  newlinechar p.s. your bowel movements the next morning are going to REEK of marijuana smell; which is always a nice plus.	Lol i cant wait to shit the smell of potent trees :P
Did anyone else spot the infiltrator with the striker?	probably died and respawned as inf before op got killed
We're playing pretty great by our standards. Moral victory at worst I think... Especially compared to our opening game last year	the time is over for moral victories. Time for some real ones. Eliminate those two turnovers and the 2 75+yard plays and we're dominating them. We're killing in yards, 1st downs, the works, just gave up some stupid shit. Clean it up, we got this. Go Cougs! 
I don't know a lot about swords but here is a 4 &amp; 1/2  minute video on the event which features the actual sword. Maybe you can tell us what sort of sword it is.  newlinechar  newlinechar http://fadlmedia.s3.amazonaws.com/ntah/clips/degroot_pr.mp4 newlinechar  newlinechar 	Yep, definitely a sabre.  I don't know enough about them to tell you whether or not it's a cavalry or infantry sabre, but it appears to be pretty long relatively speaking and does not appear to have any sort of edge (except at the tip).  So I'd bet on it being a cavalry sabre.
When did your mom loose her virginity?	When she shoved a tampon in there a little too far.
Rather crush Poland who made me cede Najd Iraq Yemen and half my trade power after they pussied out of the war... newlinechar  newlinechar edit: To give you an Idea of the scale, Me, France, Austria, Poland, Hungary, Muscovy, Venice, Naples, Persia and bonus fodder too all are in a coalition against just the Ottomans.  And they win because they are the only ones with forced march and high mobility.	Then wouldn't it make sense to join forces with the Ottomans and faceroll everyone else? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar ^Before ^the ^eventual ^backstab
When I told my friend about this, I also came up with NakedAndCrying. newlinechar  newlinechar I need a dating site based around terrible usernames.	That one would have been much funnier, actually.
I didnt know you golfed	[](/evilcadance) I used to, I live in a place infested with golf courses.
Daphuq? That's not a game, it's a demo.	An expensive demo at that. 
iPhone 5. I got it the week it was introduced because my old Samsung fell into a river. 	because my old Samsung 'fell' into a river. newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY
I don't like the use of literally as an intensifier, but I consider that a matter of personal preference. I think it's more common in America, which may be why, and it's interesting that all of the authors you cite are American.  newlinechar  newlinechar What I find even more interesting about your comment is that you seem to begin by challenging the idea that there's any objectively better view about how a particular word should be used, then conclude by suggesting that it's clear there is an objectively better view, and that it's the one subscribed to by Mark Twain and your other luminaries rather than '16 year olds on reddit'. Doesn't the first part of your post require the belief that 16 year olds on reddit have a much, much better grasp of the English language than an author who died a hundred years ago?  newlinechar  newlinechar Perhaps the usage of literally is in the process of changing, and becoming more restricted, because of those 16 year olds on reddit - and would that be a bad thing, in your view? 	I think you're seriously over analyzing what I said. newlinechar  newlinechar There is no objective way to use a word other than what society deems. Nothing more. The only absolutists are these people acting literally can have one definition and nothing more or that words have to mean precisely what they mean now and if those definitions change we are 'destroying' the english language. newlinechar  newlinechar The reason I gave off those names was to demonstrate the fact that it's not a new phenomenon of literally be used as an intensifier and it's by no means an amateur 'mistake'. Highly professional writers over the past 200 years have been using it as such.  newlinechar  newlinechar The only objective truth I'm arguing is that it is incredibly silly to say using one word rooted in emphasizing truthfulness as an intensifier is wrong but turning around using two more that are in the same exact camp ('very' and 'really') and not bat an eye. newlinechar  newlinechar There's European authors too who have used it as such. Bill Walsh, the writer of that WP article, has a podcast and he goes into detail about this and names off quite a few more than I listed in history. I was just giving some of my personal highlights. 
You don't sound like a very fun person.	Sigh...  I'm really not...
What problems are you having exactly? Is it an error message or do the servers not show up? Or something else perhaps?	My servers don't show up. The american ones do but I had to make my character on a Japanese server and those won't show up at all.
Fluffy orange and white calico. 	Also, covered in human blood.
More like 'Oh baby!' And he used to do 'I'm lovin' it!'	And every goal is goal of the year.
[petrodollar?](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Petrodollar)	yes, if Iran, Syria, Iraq, Libya and others decided to sell their oil in a currency other than USD, the dollar would collapse. The financial elite can't have that, and the military and intelligence industries work for the financial elite.
Well its done by Jon Stewart so it kind of makes sense.	Yep, it's the Night of Too Many Stars, and they've been doing it for at least 7 years now, I *think* annually. Raised 3.1 million in 2010.
Of course! Why didn't I think of that[?!](http://imgur.com/vval3St)	Awesome! I glad you will do it. I mean it's not murder. 
Maybe it isnt a bad documentary? I havent seen it so I have no idea.	Right. I've nothing against them personally (seem like talented-enough kids... I guess), but doing a promotional documentary on a boy band whose target demographic are adolescent/teenage girls is a serious downgrade from the investigational subject matter presented in Super Size Me, 30 Days, and Inside Man. newlinechar  newlinechar But who am I to judge? Maybe I'm just jealous of all that green, aromatic Hollywood money.
Hi ap! newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar k.    newlinechar  newlinechar Pls send quarter to: newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 123 Brave Way  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Ron town bravelifornia 90216	It was returned to sender.  You're such a selfless &amp; charitable person  &lt;3
At current ability, I'd take Love or LMA over 37 year old Timmy. But overall? Timmy is unquestionably the best PF of all time	I'd personally rather have him at 37 than LMA. 
&gt;heylookitsdavid: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;I wonder if it's just for the sake of the song or if she actually takes it in the rear lmao newlinechar  newlinechar . newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Becca Brown: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;both	My entire perception of her has changed.
He always plays well during the honeymoon period but eventually causes trouble for every European club he has been with. Ferguson was hardly a soft touch himself, Tevez is just a selfish prick. newlinechar  newlinechar Maybe he has matured and will be a model professional for Juventus, but it would hardly be surprising if he wasn't.	He always played well no matter which stage he was current at with his clubs. He refused to come on once, but every other time he was on the pitch he gave nothing short of his full ability.
I was gonna cop these but im waiting on the oreos. I just know that when i buy these, a couple months later their going to yellow 	Well everything does yellow, blue tint takes longer though. As for the yellowing itself theres ways to slow it down.
Thanks. I don't do math good.	The correct word there is goodly, not good.  You're welcome newlinechar 
You love your band shirts.	My band shirts love me.
http://z.mfcdn.net/store/manga/9011/07-028.0/compressed/jshingeki_no_kyojin_ch028_040-eng.jpg This is that scene in the manga. You can really... see it.	Yeah, I found the SL deaths to be less cringey because the censorship is pretty big on humans, and I was really hyped and into the fight so the torn apart arm really got me.
The name Blanche was a dead giveaway.	Caught it before I saw Blanche, but you're right
How are fallacies not bad? I grant that there are some formal fallacies that are useful as heuristics, but that doesn't mean I'm justified in (for instance) responding to a quantum physics argument that has gone to the level of doing the math by asserting something about Stephen Hawking's beliefs on the matter. newlinechar  newlinechar I might use the number and type of fallacies a person is committing as a gauge of how much effort it would be to get the other person to a self-consistent argument that I could deal with; that judgment lets me decide whether it's worthwhile to continue the argument. So you committing a fallacy might reasonably cause me to leave the argument.	If you're interested in this sort of thing, I think you'd like the book I cited.
Oh, wouldn't be feasible at all, but it is an interesting idea. As you say a lot of people vote based on what someone looks like, which is an idiotic thing to base a political decision on.	I agree with you! If it was feasible, it would have been interesting. Also hide their religion. And to top that off, maybe VOTERS should have to answer 3 questions about politics before being allowed to vote.  newlinechar  newlinechar Maybe this way we wouldn't have idiots voting for idiotic reasons.
You may want to finish Totori first before you start Meruru. You get some extra costumes and Totori's weapon in Meruru gets powered up if you have Atelier Totori cleared game save data on your memory card. newlinechar  newlinechar ['Additionally, if you keep your save data for Atelier Totori Plus, you will unlock new costumes for Totori in Atelier Meruru. If the save happens to be game clear data, Totori’s weapons will become more powerful.'](http://gematsu.com/2012/12/retailer-outs-atelier-meruru-plus-for-ps-vita)	Nice, I'll try. I just have so many other rpgs to finish Xillia, P4G, Etrian Odyssey IV, but I guess I'll just buy Meruru and hold off on it until I finish Totori. 
It's the new style one. Silver and all that jazz. 	Niice.
did you not play demon souls? demon souls was harder than dark souls..	Unfortunately I don't own a ps3 so i missed out.
Warner isn't a QB, he's a demigod 	I really can't disagree with that.
sorry bro, 'it's' is correct... = 'it is'; its is the possessive form. English grammar, it's what plants crave. google OWL at Purdue University - very good explanations for this kind of thing.	you'd almost think that a society of sub normal idiots might spell it incorrectly...
Oh my god, what if Mikasa had been a part of Levi's squad from the beginning of the mission, and she was involved with the fight between the Female Titan and the 3 squad members? I think she could have tipped the scales in that battle (much like Eren realized he could have if he had transformed sooner).	To be fair, her coordination with the other squad members would likely be way off. 
Can you make a search feature?	I'm working on it as we speak!
AND WHAT IS THE REST YOU ASSHOLE?! DON'T LEAVE US HANGING!	It was a stroke of luck because there happened to be a really drunk guy sitting at our table that none of us knew.  Once I realized what I did I purposely left my phone unattended.   My boss was so drunk himself that once he saw the text he blamed it on the drunk guy.   I dodged a major bullett.  I was freaking the fuck out, but got some good laughs out of it. 
Hi. I'm your date now.	I am content with that :)
I'm having a lot of trouble finding Western media sources confirming this story. The only other outlets I found for it are [PressTV](http://www.presstv.com/detail/2013/05/31/306366/turkey-seizes-sarin-near-syria-border/) (Iranian) and [Zee News](http://zeenews.india.com/news/world/russia-seeks-more-details-from-turkey-on-sarin_853419.html) (Indian). I'll try to find more. newlinechar  newlinechar edit: curiously, I found a [Reuters article about UN testimony pointing to rebel usage of the gas](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/05/05/us-syria-crisis-un-idUSBRE94409Z20130505), not entirely related but still interesting... newlinechar  newlinechar edit2: Turkish officials denied sarin gas was found:  newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.thetimes.co.uk/tto/news/world/article3779257.ece  newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/05/30/us-syria-crisis-turkey-idUSBRE94T0YO20130530 newlinechar  newlinechar So I guess RT ran with the story and kept it up to paint the Syrian rebels in a bad light?	&gt; So I guess RT ran with the story and kept it up to paint the Syrian rebels in a bad light? newlinechar  newlinechar You shouldn't be surprised. RT is absolutely awful. Literally Putin's mouthpiece. People were all huffy when it was banned from /r/news but I am glad to see it gone.
There were unreliable for everyone not just Schumacher. Don't let your fanboy show.	Yes, I am a Schumacher fan but it is a known fact Schumi has had some bad luck with reliability in the past. Weather the reliability issue is himself (broken leg at Silverstone) or the car (Engine at Suzuka) Schumi has had bad luck in ways more than most. If anything he could be a 9 time World Champion. But I wont get into the woulda/coulda/shoulda conversation.
I now understand the Egyptian hieroglyphics	They worshipped cats in Egypt.  Cats have never forgotten this
60% of Harvard undergrads receive financial aid. The average EFC for Harvard undergrads is $11,000. newlinechar  newlinechar They're a full need school, there's not a wrong way to interpret that. The ivy school you attended may not have been.	That still seems to me like more than most state schools. 
I've heard around that the drugstore/supermarket blades are made by a different company than the lab grade ones. 	Ok, maybe not a different company, but definitely a different quality blade: http://badgerandblade.com/vb/showthread.php/262737-Personna-Confusion-59353?p=3641599#post3641599 
You'd still have your spank bank.	Which after he deleted wouldn't be easily accesible.
Dig or C9?	Dignitas has a special place in my heart!
Practice makes perfect: newlinechar  newlinechar http://prosody.lib.virginia.edu/	This is amazing! Thank you!
Me please! :0	b2tvfU7HSiH8et4VgiF9oOzj newlinechar  newlinechar btw if you have any spare UK club nintendo codes, I could use one as I am 2 games away from the SNES controller. Only if they are spare though :) Let me know if you manage to redeem the code so I can delete the post.
TheBorg had repeatedly accused my civ of cheating. Then his civ was actually caught duping and was wiped. I made a town where his capital was and called it 'Hypocrisy' to stick it to him.  newlinechar  newlinechar I was told that Ramseh banned me for harassing a moderator since TheBorg is a moderator. I see on the list here it says Strigon, a member of my Civ actually banned me. If that's the case then he has some explaining to do and some lies to clear up.  newlinechar  newlinechar But the fact that you would consider this walking the line of a bannable offense... That right there is why so many people want private servers and mod code released. It's the reason one of your former mods and 'beta elders' is trying to publicly stick it to you by releasing this log. It's the reason that you don't have enough people on line to fill one of your three servers on a Saturday.  newlinechar  newlinechar 	I dont know what exact incident you were previously banned for. But if that was the incident in question then it does in fact fall under a blurred line. Creating a proxy civ for the sole reason to harass another player is harrasment and its not the kind of competitive spirit that we'd like to foster. Make sure that you note that the ban was in fact reversed and your proxy harassment town was not disbanded by staff. newlinechar  newlinechar the game is competitive and we expect there to be some friendly jabbing here and there. But this kind of behavior does fall into a grey area. newlinechar  newlinechar Im sorry that you feel the game is being mismanaged. just know that we're always  working to make the community a better place to play. newlinechar 
[MFW 'Pinterest account posts pictures of Taylor Swift overlayed with Taylor quotes, teenagers love them. Quotes were actually said by Hitler.'](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-PBP_tIye7RQ/TxNTriQ9VBI/AAAAAAAAAow/2RMUHTIN0QI/s320/kid-birthday-hat-gif.gif) newlinechar  newlinechar I *love* this kind of shit. It's the closest I can get to being the Joker while wearing makeup without actually cutting my mouth open.	&gt; It's the closest I can get to being the Joker while wearing makeup without actually cutting my mouth open. newlinechar  newlinechar So...you're a clown.
&gt;Bench Max:450 newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Squat Max:570 newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;[Carl Lawson](http://gamedayr.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/carl-lawson-muscles-shirtless-work-out.jpeg) newlinechar  newlinechar That dude is scary massive	And he was in high school three months ago. Those pics are from then. He's a beast.
*wipes the fuck off of your face.* there you go!	Thanks man. That fuck was starting to get on my nerves.
hahaha. What a bunch of butt-hurt babies. I just wish /r/Australia would admit that they hate freedom of the press and freedom of speech already.  newlinechar  newlinechar Hey assholes, don't like the fact that a newspaper said something that hurt your feelings? **Don't buy it**. Wow that was hard. 	&gt; freedom of the press and freedom of speech already. newlinechar  newlinechar You don't understand these concepts.
Two questions:  newlinechar  newlinechar 1) Is this change purely for cosmetic reasons or does the new flair provide any sort of practical advantage over the old look?  newlinechar  newlinechar 2) When I see a checkmark, I associate it with the concept of a correct or satisfactory answer like you'd see on a test, or in the case of ELI5, a post where the question has been explained well in the OP's opinion.  I do not see much of a relation between the same checkmark and a Modpost.  With this in mind, assuming it's doable, would it be possible to give the Modposts their own symbol, such as a capital M in a box? 	1) I think the cosmetics provide the practicality. It cleans the look up and makes it more noticeable if you're looking for it. newlinechar  newlinechar 2) We are trying to do this! It's tough because to our knowledge there is no non-hacky way of enabling flair that only mods can select at the moment.
Thanks for the reply.  newlinechar  newlinechar I know I can create a firing rage, but you can see that in Stratis that place is meant to be a firing range. I'm looking for a place similar in Altis so I can build mine. But as far I explored the island, there seens to be none	No problem. I never really noticed but you're right. I just went and did a bit of exploration and found nothing. But, at least there are plenty of flat areas to make one, and there might be a mod, but I dunno. Good luck to you in making, finding or downloading a firing range on Altis.
I'll admit that Hank is a bit harsh. I'll talk to him about being more soft. newlinechar  newlinechar And as for 'no one can say anything in chat out of fear of being kicked' well that's bullshit. newlinechar  newlinechar Level 5 archers are not a requirement. As it's been pointed out, the clan might not be overly welcome but as long as the members follow the rules nobody gets hurt.	My main concerns are as follows: newlinechar  newlinechar 1) You've disappeared. If you're going to be leading a reddit clan we need you to be active on reddit.  newlinechar  newlinechar 2) I was rejected from your clan, leaving me unable to verify or refute these accusations.  newlinechar  newlinechar 3) I'm concerned that *multiple* people now have come forward and voiced their complaints. Clearly this is not an isolated incident, and perhaps you should consider demoting this elder, or asking him to come explain his actions in this thread. 
Like our game nightss	[](/cutevinyl)I think Cow, Deva, and Kamkam are the only highschools.
That's rad dude! Love it- your Zombie is also somewhat Mignola-esque! (albeit more colourful and 'well lit'!) Perhaps you should show more soil disturbance/displacement to show him bursting out of the ground, but otherwise that's a fine work!!	This is the start of an old poster I was doing hastily for a thing at my work- Nowhere near as good as yours at that point, but lot's of flying particles of soil gives it a lot of movement and energy. newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/SI0cO0r.jpg
There's been a lot if evidence to show that  drinking of alcohol in moderation while pregnant isn't as risky as we once believed.  newlinechar  newlinechar However, everyone is an expert when it comes to judging and critiquing mothers. 	Fetal alcohol syndrome and related birth defects are really only a significant risk while the embryo is still in its formation stages during the first trimester. She's showing enough that I feel fairly certain she's well into the third trimester. So although it's probably still not advisable to get yourself hammered, having a beer or two or a glass of wine with dinner really isn't a big deal.
I like how he put everything in front of glowstone, then put torches on them. newlinechar  newlinechar Also I think Father's Day was like two months ago.	not in Australia newlinechar 
I agree his points need improving, and if he's teaching these systems as simple conventions/theories, he needs to specify so from an unbiased view, whilst making it clear that a film-maker doesn't necessarily have to obey the method. Perhaps if there were a group of film-makers who could form somewhat of a discussion - using their knowledge as fuel to make more accurate posts?	I don't think these series are really a good thing because he has to take one topic out of a shot at a time and make it sound like that was the only thing the cinematographer was trying to do
The only thing by gy!be, in 28 darts later, was 'east hastings' newlinechar  newlinechar Boyle had a hell of a time convincing them to even use that.	really? news to me. i thought they had some more stuff in there.  thanks!
...Were you?	...what?
Nothing can stop the tears of nitramlondon. From reading the rest of his posts on reddit I don't even know why he even plays the game anymore. 	Because the tears must flow.  They must flow to keep the darkness at bay.  The tears must flow so that we might never know the eternal torment that awaits us when the dark one is released from his prison, and these tears are the bars that hold him back, for the very weapon that *His Unholiness* wields to damn us all is the one that strikes him down.  Misery and suffering are the bars that bind him into his prison, and should these things ever vanish from our world, our world shall vanish, but it shall not be a slow process. newlinechar  newlinechar If, one day, far in the future, the darkness is ever gone in its totality from this world, if pain and suffering are abolished, then *He* shall arise to take his seat on a throne of torment that shall blot out the sun and consume the stars.  The moon will shine a bloody red the likes of which shall stir primordial fears, the fears of cave men sitting around campfires as they hear the sound of predators stalking them, the fear that soon the light will go out and darkness will take them.  But you and I both know that it doesn't end with the darkness, that is just the beginning. newlinechar  newlinechar So, curse not the tears of nitramlondon, as they are the tears that hold the world together. 
Fingerless fuckin' gloves.	[](/pinkieawe)Game of the fuckin' century.
That was a rough couple of years. I was pretty hot headed that whole time, so they couldn't really punish me. They grounded me, so I left town for a week during my senior year of high school. I ended up being the kid who rented a space in the basement. They divorced about a year after that night, and my dad has apologized about how life was. Things are much better between us now. 	Shitty situation, awesome result.
still missed.	Just like Chausters Crecendos
Yup. Mondays at 8. This week: four stylists left. Who will win Gordan Ramsey's heart?	It's Sheila, she's the cutest.
Dude, you need to chill. Your are behaving like a twelve year old. You are just as rude and immature in your other comments further up.	Maybe he's just a shitty 12 yr old. They do exist and they do have access to computers, it is entirely possible. Unfortunate, but possible. 
Well i mean from what you posted you said that you were only going to talk to 1 person and then didnt reply to any others without saying you do not want to talk or remove him. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah common sense should tell him youre not interested, but it is possible he thinks you just did not see the messages and he keeps trying to check if youre online when he is.  Just be upfront, it would save you from cringe and him and cringe in the future.  Less cringe is a good thing.	Just to clarify it's not actually me talking.  newlinechar Regardless I see where you're coming from, The reason she hasn't responded is because the guy is actually sorta creepy in real life.  newlinechar The whole if I don't see it it's not there approach. 
Bitcoinpaperwallet.com newlinechar  newlinechar Extremely fast and painless. I've printed and distributed dozens. They make great presents, just remember to print a backup of each address incase people lose or destroy theirs due to incompetence.	Thanks. You da best.
We've been saying that for years. 	Ain't that the damn truth. 
the contradiction in your opinion isn't about whether a mov would fault on an invalid address but whether such addresses exist at all or not and if they do, do you accept that they're part of the particular runtime environment as it is trivial to set one up to have no faulting addresses whatsoever which would kill their construct (but you didn't raise this point - either you're ignorant of this possibility or you accept that the runtime environment is part of their construct, i was generously assuming it was the latter). newlinechar  newlinechar now if you accept that the runtime environment is fair game then you also have to accept that the same environment can be set up in a way that makes the final jump possible without an explicit jump insn. therefore their construct works fine with only mov insns. if you don't accept that the runtime environment is part of their construct then you cannot accept the existence of a faulting address either. which is it? ;)	What the paper is discussing is basically a hypothetical, restricted x86 processor in which the only instruction is `mov`, which behaves identically to the way it does on a regular processor.  Of course, `mov` does not exist in isolation and is connected to, for example, the memory subsystem in order to fetch values from, and store values to, addresses.  The behavior of the memory subsystem in turn behaves in accordance to the operating mode of the processor (i.e., whether paging is enabled).  A multitude of choices exists on how to restrict the processor in this hypothetical exercise.  We would have to fix individual configurations and argue about them specifically as to how we could affect the semantic behaviors that we desire for our exercise.  But in any case, we would have to make a very specific argument for Turing completeness by reduction onto the set of features that we have chosen.  You are arguing (or were arguing, before you got off into the weeds) that the x86 processor supports control transfers without requiring explicit instructions for such.  I was arguing that those features (as well as explicit control transfers) are separate from `mov`.  Beyond that, we could argue about specific combinations of configurations and their effects on this exercise all day.  Except I'm not going to do that, because it was a ridiculous paper to begin with, and the ensuing argument is doubly absurd, long-winded, and a waste of time.
I love how this is a Huntsville AL board and not one bama fan lol	Roll Tide!
[](/ppexcite) well you're wrong	[](/cutevinyl)I don't think I am.
Become slower is hardly a problem or a fact, jaedong who is 23 got to the final in the latest WCS, Bomber, who won the WCS is 25	are you comparing saintvicious's level of talent with jaedong or bomber's?
Madrid will win la liga  newlinechar Bayern will not win the cl newlinechar Spurs will finish 3rd newlinechar If arsenal keep bendtner he will score 10 goals	Agree with everything except for Bendtner
Japan!	I feel like our names are connected somehow.
it's ok, i already lost you&lt;/3	I'm so sorry ;( &lt;/3
And too dark!	Using r_gamma 1.4 it is possible to fix though. The wall missing though, that is a problem, and one that will hopefully be fixed too.
He's a very good return man and gunner if I remember right.  In addition to being  a capable WR. 	Great blocker too. Last season we got an unnecessary roughness call in our favor cause he blocked a guy so well that it pissed the guy off. I remember weems actually saying 'he got mad because a midget blocked him' hahaha
I actually just bought *Unto The Locust* last week, the 'Darkness Within' acoustic version came with it as a bonus track. Great album, great song.	As soon as I read the title to this question, this exactly the song I was going to answer with.... newlinechar  newlinechar Beat me to the punch, but such a great song, nonetheless.
I'm sorry, but not keeping your fan base interested in your game or updated with where it's headed is bad business management. r/Games complains about this kind of shit all the time (Tribes for a big example). 	Well, it was perfectly fine before he started selling it.  At this point, he really should try and engage his customers more.
Off the top of my head, here are just a few ways to beat the rush leaving of the Bowl: newlinechar  newlinechar - take the shuttle busses. They're free if you show a metro TAP card newlinechar - [bicycle!](/r/BikeLA) newlinechar - Ride share with friends (okay you might actually still have to wait to leave, but if more people would do this it would have an aggregate impact on demand) newlinechar  newlinechar I'm sure there are more ways than this. It just involves a little creativity, and you end up respecting both the performers and the audience who decides to stay.	The shuttles are the best, and if you prepay its like half the price :)
You know OP, you're not bad, not bad at all.	I'm not OP. This post has too much karma to be a post of mine. 
I regret saying those things. Finally I can say that, and it feels gooood.	Alright, now go find Wanda. She's been looking for you for a while now since.....you know, you just kinda wandered off.
Because that answers anything I asked. Hope none of your players ever celebrate. 	Dude, that is beyond celebrating. Even if one of our players gets called for excessive, I don't hop on somewhere and defend it. It is always some defense with this kid isn't it? He could take a dump on a toddler and there would be a 1,000 apologists talking about what a prankster he is and that it was all in good fun.  newlinechar  newlinechar Keep it up though, maybe Manziel will acknowledge your presence. Maybe even fulfill your dream of making you the 'Turtle' of the Manziel/Silver entourage. 
Quad aces is the NUTS pre-flop. How can you ever consider folding them??	I'm pretty sure you're joking cause you have a bunch of upvotes from me, apparently... but just to be clear, and for anyone more clueless than I am, I'm pretty sure he's joking! ^Only ^Two ^Cards ^in ^Omaha ^can ^^and ^^must ^be ^played ^^I ^^think
Prove it!	http://imgur.com/HN4MgUy
Yeah	Nice... I'm here in Ocala.
Those are not tattoos, it's a sharpie. newlinechar  newlinechar No marks of a fresh tattoo on the skin, lines are too blurred and the ink is smudged all around. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Showed my girlfriend who tattoos and she said she's not 100% sure because of photo quality but she's almost sure these are real, badly done but real. So seems I was wrong and they are real.	I hope so. 
Mosquito can't outrun them either unless you specifically have afterburner fuel, speed frame, and a full afterburn gauge. But yeah, grass is so green over here.	No, but the mosquito will keep up with a reaver that's trying to run away, even with a racer frame on the reaver.
Plus, the whole 'Geekdom' thing has become a lot less about imagination and whimsy and a lot more about pedantic memorization of fictional trivia and whatnot. Back in the 70s, nobody who watched Star Wars would have made a stink about the logic or character development, that shit didn't matter compared to the experience of entering an entirely new world with a series of thrilling set pieces to boot. newlinechar  newlinechar Now days we've got people falling over each other just to tear The Phantom Menace a new asshole, even though there were plenty of interesting and thrilling scenes, like the underwater sequence and the podracing sequence, as well as new creations like the battle droids and the Gungans.  newlinechar  newlinechar The same people who hate the Phantom Menace with a passion will praise the new Avengers and Star Trek movies in the same breath. What did those films offer which was so damn new and exciting? They were some of the most forgettable films I've ever seen. newlinechar  newlinechar Priorities are changing, movies are getting dumber and people don't want fantasy films to do what they do best, excite you in imaginative ways, but instead prefer them to do a crappy job of being dramatic.	Damn, you really hit it on the head. Everybody is downvoting kizenco (the person I replied to) and upvoting me because they totally associate people who liked the new sequels as being childish and easily impressed because they were young. My comment had no condescension meant in it and yet people who misunderstood that are most likely the ones who have upvoted me. I couldn't agree with everything you've said more. Kizenco liked the sequels for the same reason audiences liked the first trilogy when it came out, they were breathtaking and imaginative. No wonder children liked them, they hadn't become cynical and jaded about fandom and what they've built up in their own minds to be what is best for this character or that plot point. I admit that the new sequels were nothing special (especially episode 2 which just felt like it would never end), but they don't deserve the hate they've received and the condescension towards people who admit to liking them is simply pathetic.
[Best friends forever, best friends forever, ring!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEQBD58R25U)	Ah okay, I was just goin off of memory.
His team got good decisions in 2 straight PL teams so hypocrite much? 	That has nothing to do with UEFA
A 1960's corvette got a transfer of about 200,000 US dollars. Other than that there's not much to report. Over to you, Pete.	Still a better transfer saga than Bale...
I am just not sure why people think she was so 'caring' to her friends.  All she did was try to mess up their lives.  She was not a nice person, not at all.  All we see is a selfish little brat who uses people, and does everything for her own gain.  Nothing nice she ever said to the girls was real.  It was a 'I'll pull you up a little before I bitchslap you back down so hard your whole life is going to feel it.'  Thats my take on it anyways.  No one needs a friend like Ali.....	I mean, I can't really disagree with you, but I personally feel like that's 'old' Ali. newlinechar  newlinechar I think that one of the biggest subtexts in Pretty Little Liars is that people can grow up, forgive, and forget. Most of Ali's (and by association, the Liars') tormentees have forgiven her and them. If we are to take the things that happened to Ali at face value, then there's no doubt that her 'death' probably changed her for the better. newlinechar  newlinechar If there's still an element of the younger Ali in the current Red Coat Ali, it's simply the mysterious aspect to her: rather than directly helping the girls (by telling them who Big A is), she just saves them when they most need saving. newlinechar  newlinechar But, rather than this lack of useful aid being a form of cruelty or a 'game,' it could be Ali learning from her own mistakes with the girls: as far as I can tell, the Liars would have stayed 'kids' and been Ali's lackeys forever if she hadn't have died. But she did, and from that point on, the girls dramatically and exponentially grew up -- to the point where, if Ali truly needed allies, the girls would actually be useful.
It's also worth pointing out, though, that /r/atheism is a huge subreddit compared to /r/conspiracy so the percentage of the /r/conspiracy users who viewed /r/nslur is probably much higher than the percentage or /r/atheism users who did the same	Right, that's the point I'm trying to get at, that the first list is fairly meaningless. (Some measures of) similarity actually are what you're talking about, a percentage based overlap. The second table has that
So...bite the balls?	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hm7pp_JFOs
Yeah but most of the time, people are haunting their own property 	That most likely still falls under harassment. Also, pretty sure there were plenty of episodes where they kidnapped the shit out of people so those speak for themselves.
If you look at brooksbaseball.net that's not an unusual strike for a left handed hitter.  Murphy just can't hit it and can't make the adjustment.	He shouldn't have to adjust to strike calls several inches off the plate. It shouldn't be called that way in any scenario. Umpires need more accountability for their zones, they shouldn't have such a profound effect on a batter's approach, and games in general, because they aren't consistent with calling strikes according the zone set forth by rules.
But at least sports keep you healthy and fit. Games do not.	they are not mutually exclusive activities......... BUT FUCK SPORTS LAWL
I fucking pray koscielny is solid.tomorrow.	I, too, pray that he does not turn up as a liquid or a gas tomorrow.
A) This has been addressed many times newlinechar  newlinechar B) If we post a screenshot, it's still going to be taken down newlinechar  newlinechar C) We have our deity, ttumblrbot.	In tumblrbot we trust.
lern 2 pray	Be supportive, not a jerk.
Are you in Europe?	Nup.
One of them has to be 'MY LEG!' guy.	Or the one that doesn't get the right schedule. 
This is running on a PC with Xbox controllers...	Too bad the uninformed masses on YouTube don't know this lol
He states [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/1lh3mb/iama_deputy_sheriff_that_conducts_undercover/cbz7rfk) that officers used have to be from his specific agency.	Yeah, I saw that, but I wasn't sure if that meant 'works in the same city/office I do' or 'works with the nation-wide task force that I do'.
They scored again?!	Yep. USF is coming back though! ^not ^^really ^^^though. 
I just mean some type of storm energy metric.  The research radars show the El-Reno tornado to have wind speeds high enough for EF-5, but because it mostly hit fields and uninhabited areas it's now an EF-3 because there wasn't enough damage??? newlinechar  newlinechar politicians rate them based on damage, newlinechar scientists rate them based on energy.	I absolutely agree with this. For example, just because a strong solar flare is not aimed at Earth does not mean that it gets a weaker rating. Just because a hurricane spends its entire lifecycle at sea without hitting land does not mean it gets a lower rating. Why in the world should tornadoes be any different?
you got any source on your claim that sc2 is massively popular in korea?	He's a troll - check his comment history (or don't). newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;If I were Riot/Valve I would be re-evaluating how I handle ESPORTS yesterday. Blizzard is really showing that THEY figured out how to do it right! newlinechar  newlinechar or even better newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; That's cool and all but we've got a LOOONG way before Valve reaches Blizzard levels. newlinechar But this is a good start...if the pie gets bigger it gets bigger for everyone! newlinechar 
Looks like under the lip, going on the last picture.	I actually opened the imgur page, and I can kinda see it now (I was just flipping through the pics with RES). I'd still like to see a close-up/detail view of the LED strip itself, though. OP said that they were stick on, so there must be a lip, but... I want details! :)
I will be calling my Congressman 1st thing Tuesday morning telling him he better do something to help the Syrian people. 	But make sure to tell them to do something about helping their own people first.  newlinechar 
I want them to reveal what J.A.R.V.I.S. actually stands for (and explain that Just A Rather Very Intelligent System was a joke). Then when the AI takes a physical form, the acronym should evolve into V.I.S.I.O.N., with the first three letters standing for the same words as the last three letters of its previous name. Any ideas for the acronym?	Very Intelligent System Integrated Over Neuronet? newlinechar  newlinechar Very Intelligent System Intoxicated On Narcotics? newlinechar 
I agree. The brownies is a joke.  The guys that try and be the nice guy are probably interested in wearing girls skin 	Ok, never complimenting a woman ever again. newlinechar  newlinechar People are god damned confusing.
Confirmed.  I just went to the grocery store and it was a red sea of moms buying chips.	Ha, title was misleading. Funny take. 
What do you do to meet people? How old are you? Do you live in a city? Curious because I'm living at home while I look for something to do with my degree, and I tend to get in a funk if I don't have people to hang out with for a while. Once I do land that First Big Job though, meeting people (eventually(?) among them potential SO's) is top priority.	Bars/parties/through friends/concerts/diners and on rarer occasions at diners or coffee shops.  I live in a city mostly republican and urban sprawl everywhere, but downtown there is a younger scene.  I spend most of my time in the 3 mile east side down town area, where I live and work.  I turn 27 soon.
Good luck! I had to restart mine on the 15th. Here's hoping it will work out well for both of us!	Can I ask why you had to restart?
1101 010**0** 1011 (Fixed)	1101 0100 1100   newlinechar Small typo just back [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/counting/comments/1l05w8/1100_0000_0000_binary_counting_thread/cbzb2sl?context=3), that you guys might want to back edit.
moreno's still the only one i would have on my team.	Really? You wouldn't own Ball? I don't in any of my leagues, but if he was on waivers I would be all over that.
I ended up getting the grey bezel one. I did take special note of your comment and tried on the 42mm watch again, and it was fine, but the 45mm just appealed to me more. I am grateful you mentioned this though since it's a big purchase and I would've regretted not carefully considering all my options.	Congratulations! and thanks for the follow-up.  The PO is so well executed that you can't go wrong with any of the variants (except maybe the one with the orange rubber strap).  
I read that as long as a male eats between 1500 - 1800 calories a day, he can avoid starvation mode no matter how high is calorie deficit is. 	You have read some very bad sources, then. newlinechar  newlinechar 1) 'Starvation mode' as popularly conceptualized doesn't exist. newlinechar  newlinechar 2) Everybody's caloric needs depend on their age, weight, height, activity level, etc. Go look up a calculator. newlinechar  newlinechar 3) You're 145 pounds. Unless you're 5'2, you need to eat more. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, you need help for your depression. You also need to eat more.
&gt; After rooting for her and Matthew for so long, through so many obstacles, they finally made it, and they were so completely perfect for each other. newlinechar  newlinechar You know I was happy when Lavinia died? It's so morbid hearing it out loud but I was actually overjoyed that she died because then I *knew* Mary/Matthew would [hopefully] get together.  newlinechar  newlinechar I think Julian Fellowes had so many ideas for how their relationship would play out over the next few seasons and seeing them raise their son but... that didn't happen :(	Yeah, I didn't really care what it took to get Lavinia out of the picture. I didn't even mind that her death took a weirdly hurried, forced turn. It's really too bad that Dan Stevens couldn't have stayed on just one more season so that we could have gotten a little happiness. At this point Edith is going to end up having the best life, which is the opposite of what I had been expecting for the first 2.5 seasons.
This may not be the most obvious answer (and you have some excellent theories, all of which I'm sure play a part) but I believe the following gives the most insight into your question.  newlinechar  newlinechar /r/progmetal actually existed for a good while as one of the smallest metal subreddits. Our mods did a *ton* of networking and putting our name out there. It was a pretty large struggle before we reached the point that subscribers just started to amass on their own. The problem with subreddit startups in general is that the creators/mods don't do too much to establish their name. This involves plugging the name wherever possible (and relevant) and x-posting to larger subs, etc. I did stupid amounts of this daily and I'm sure some of the other mods did also.  newlinechar  newlinechar So I think this is what sets us apart subscribers wise. I really don't think prog metal is by any means the most popular metal subgenre (though with the recent djent and 'progcore' stuff somehow falling under the label, this is changing). It doesn't make sense that we'd have more subscribers than /r/deathmetal or /r/thrashmetal, or /r/PowerMetal, but again. Our early networking probably surpassed that of any of those subreddits. 	The concept of flair helps too, it's the little details that make a sub user-friendly. I'm sure a lot of new users that may not like harsh vocals find it useful. And I still use them if I wanna listen to instrumentals, or specific vocal styles.          
Doesn't matter what our domestic issues are.  Part of the job of a superpower is to use our power when force is needed.  The UN and other organizations (including NATO) are more for making peace in areas.  Superpowers, on the other hand, have a responsibility to help countries or people in need of a helping hand.  Disagree or not, I think we HAVE to intervene. newlinechar Edit: spelling	We aren't the only super power in the world. Let someone else deal with this shit for once. 
omfg tru luv 5ever thank u /u/Bottle_of_Sprite 	wut dos he haf 2 do wit aneeting? u cheetin on me gurl? is ovur now
To let you know the 16,000 I paid for college would have been better spent on the lottery. Get a piece of paper and work for ever or buy paper and never work again in your life. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit. Down voted for joking? 	But if you didn't attend college then you wouldn't know that.
As a Wisconsin fan you should be familiar with Nebraska's lack of defense.	But our offense is pretty shit too. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, congrats on beating the Ags.
Dude that's the Hawaiian popcorn recipe... When we were kids they said eating it like that would give us worms... Never had such a result as of yet.	I grew up on Oahu. Dad was stationed at Pearl ;)
Welcome!  Sorry about your loss :(	http://webdiscover.ru/uploads/comments/2013-04/11490-1364890059.jpg
Hey, nicely done!  You're doing your part to keep your neighborhood from turning into a ghetto (eventually) by actually owning and (hopefully) using unoccupied land.  In my shitty neighborhood, houses stand vacant and crackheads break in.  Good luck with the land!	I was thinking I might put my hammock there, and yell at people who try to cut through to get off my lawn.  I hear it's a lot of fun.  :)
Maybe he's just a shitty 12 yr old. They do exist and they do have access to computers, it is entirely possible. Unfortunate, but possible. 	I hope for his sake it he is. 
If you guys can't think of a more eloquent and insightful way to express those legitimate thoughts, I don't feel too good about the future of your movement. 	I'm sorry I didn't dress it up for you.  Perhaps if you had a legitimate argument for your case you could have used that instead of a petty objection to the delivery.
Yes. Blame like, 12 year old me or whatever.	I don't think I can trust you given your 'escape' from Lusankya...
What did you use to do that?	http://www.iographica.com/ or something similar
No, I don't know what that is. Shooting Stars doesn't have much of a ruleset or premise, it's just comedy. newlinechar  newlinechar https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kBEmfP_IVA4	Ah. I think I'm too American for that one, cause I'm not finding it very funny, lol
Wow! Someone actually bought the Vita version!	On release day, call it wishful thinking if you will.
I wouldn't necessarily say I enjoy it, but I do sometimes specifically decide to have a sad day or moment. It sort of relieves me and let's me face things that bother me. I think that allowing myself to be sad about things in my life actually helps my body heal as well as my brain.  newlinechar  newlinechar For example, I had a miscarriage about 6 months ago and wanted to try for a new baby, but my period wasn't coming. I was extremely depressed about the miscarriage but I wasn't letting myself mourn properly, because I didn't want to upset my 1 and a half year old son. Finally, a few days ago, I asked my husband to sit with him for a while and I took a really long bath and just sobbed and sobbed and tried to get real closure. Today I finally got my period. 	I'm glad you were able to share that with us, I really do hope it wasn't too hard for you. newlinechar  newlinechar You're absolutely right about that sense of relief it brings afterwards. I think that's why I enjoy having those sad moments you were talking about- because afterwards, everything just sort of clicks for a little while.  I'm generally a pretty laid-back kind of person, but every once in a while I need that respite to help me put things in perspective.
Have you [upgraded to version 4.3.0.4](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/reddit-enhancement-suite/) yet? newlinechar  newlinechar But before you do that, you should [back up your settings](http://www.reddit.com/r/Enhancement/wiki/backing_up_res_settings)!	Thanks for the advice :)
wow i do not understand this at all	The girls meant it sexually; the reply takes their phrasing to mean that they want to achieve a similar level of physical fitness as OP.
'It would be the same with you. You could stay in your Naga form most of the time if you want. Plus, wings?' newlinechar  newlinechar *He flutters his own briefly.*	*She thinks about it for a moment then smiles* newlinechar  newlinechar 'Okay.'
Right on. Well thanks for replying!	Of course! Thanks for your concern.
so no lippie? you have a really pretty natural lip color then. 	Unfortunately not, but thank you, I was told it was bad to wear it whilst my lip is healing as it can disrupt the process? I don't know how much of it is true, but I didn't want to chance it :p I think I may have to treat myself to a new lippie when it's healed :D
yup	Looking forward to it then :)
I missed the game. From what I have seen, we looked good? Or is box score misleading?	We looked okay. The offense was really good at times, but special teams was pretty weak. newlinechar  newlinechar The defense did the patented bend but don't break, but they'll need to be better to not get beat by Michigan next week. newlinechar  newlinechar Overall, solid win for the first week, no real glaring issues, but definitely some things to work on going into next week.
[How's this?](http://i.imgur.com/VSkzmFt.jpg)	Great! Thanks.
This game is designed for headshots -- unfortunately hitboxes are in dire need of adjustment.  newlinechar  newlinechar That said, stealth is infinitely more satisfying than going loud IMO.	my mic broke before this game. The worst thing I hear is when some 12 year old goes 'so you guys just wanna go in and shoot the guards?' newlinechar  newlinechar Meanwhile Im sprinting towards the drill. Please just let me get the fucking drill before you start dicking around. 
Do you have to put in the area code at all? Or just 867-5309	You do but you can just add your local zip code. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: area codes, I am an idiot.  
Nice try with the misdirection! We all know you are the alt!	Although /r/awildsketchappeared said he is from ballwin, he also mentioned that he already went to college and stuff and /r/Deinos_Mousike posts in /r/teenager and said he is in high school. newlinechar  newlinechar Maybe it's his dad.
let's make a fucking movie.	I'd watch it, but only if Blackie Chan has a more active role.
And I personally feel the opposite to be true. newlinechar  newlinechar It's almost like people have opinions or something...	It's one thing to have an opinion. It's another to go out right and say something 'sucks huge donkey balls' without any provocation. 
You say you drink a lot of water - but work out in the morning.  Do you drink some right before starting cardio?  Phinney/Volek recommend drinking 16 oz 5-10 minutes before starting cardio - so that your body doesn't have enough time to start removing it from your blood.  I add electrolytes to mine, too.  As Darthluiggi said, electrolytes are super important.  The point of timing the water is that your body is happy with however much is in your blood stream if you are well hydrated - drinking the 16 oz right before cardio starts doesn't give your kidneys time to start removing it.  Then when you start working out, and your blood goes into all your muscles, you have more blood volume to maintain blood pressure.  Their 2nd book, the art and science of low carbohydrate performance is fantastic.  	Interesting... newlinechar  newlinechar I wake up at 5:30, protein shake by 5:40, at the gym at 6 newlinechar  newlinechar I just drink small sips as I workout newlinechar  newlinechar Will try downing 16oz on the drive to the gym 
I like to think by putting myself in my parents shoes, if I had a child and found their fetish (and it wasn't harmful), I would accept that this is part of their sexuality. I would not confront them about it and just shrug it off (as long as it wasn't affecting their normal lives), I am sure a lot of people have their own unique kink and a growing adult will always be caught doing something strange (american pie for example) where the father says 'we will just tell your mother we ate it all'. This is a way to accept and allow you to have your privacy. I think spying is natural for a parent to do (they want to make sure your not killing puppies or something that might need serious help). On that note I can also see why some parents may seek therapy when finding this fetish, to ensure nothing serious is wrong, I don't think they are so concerned about the fetish, as much as you being a well rounded individual and not letting the fetish rule you. 	That, in my opinion is the best way to do things, the problem is a lot of parents are either idiotic, yet, because they're the parent, think they're smart. or ignorant to foreign fetishes, lifestyles, or other decisions like that. and finding this kind of thing, they sometimes immediately assume that a man/woman who wants to wear diapers is a pedophile, because diaper=baby or something. and that's a shame. 
Maybe. Alot of samurai conflict happened before cameras. Samurai did exist whist cameras were around but by then they were more peaceful, but still possible. 	well either way.thank you for sharing I love the Japanese culture and this.us.just amazing.to me
&gt; So I guess RT ran with the story and kept it up to paint the Syrian rebels in a bad light? newlinechar  newlinechar You shouldn't be surprised. RT is absolutely awful. Literally Putin's mouthpiece. People were all huffy when it was banned from /r/news but I am glad to see it gone.	Meh, I wouldn't ban them from /r/news for painting a different picture that's not always true (after all, Fox still isn't banned either) - they often do very critical, yet truthful, stories about American politics. newlinechar  newlinechar But if they were really vote rigging, then I see why they were banned and agree.
We've been together 4 years total.  newlinechar I've told him flat out that sometimes I just want to hop on a plane and go back to my hometown. Do you think he doesn't take that seriously? What's a better way to word my feelings? newlinechar  newlinechar I don't think our insurance covers marriage counseling 	I didnt take it seriously. So no, he probably doesnt. He's probably just completely wrapped himself up in a cocoon as a survival mechanism, it's not personal, and it's not you, he's just dealing with stress in a very different way than you are. newlinechar  newlinechar Sit him down and tell him that the two of you need to talk about your needs. You need some sexual gratification, and you need some peace and quiet, among other things. He has needs too. Then, together you make a plan to meet those needs. newlinechar  newlinechar If I had it to do over again, marriage counseling is something I'd go into debt for. 
'If your friends were jumping off of a bridge then would you jump with them?'	Probably.
Really nice! Though, I'm pretty sure that says 'ubep.'	Why yes... Yes it does.
It is a little less than 14g of the 'negra buena.'	I'm jelly
&gt;Rape until you say 'I want to have sex with you.' newlinechar  newlinechar Do you mean in her situation where she was passed out or in general?	In general. He sounds like a pusher - the type of guy that will keep trying and pushing her comfort zone and then deny he was going for it or even blame her. Also, if she's passed out and he's a nut case I wouldn't be surprised if she was out cold and he just went for it. Guess we'll never know though. newlinechar Edit: Sorry I mean in particular in this situation derp. Although, a 'can i grab a condom?' or something that states intentions and allows one to say no never hurts. 
here here	Hey! No cougars allowed! newlinechar  newlinechar *waitaminute*
Where abouts in the city?	Oh, probably should have mentioned. St. Georges Terrace near William street.
How...	Has there been a single report of them not paying? I don't understand why people didn't expect them. Did I miss something? (yes I know people suspect they are owned/a laundering system for a criminal). 
#YOLO #SWAG #GFORCE	Please go away.
Legally? Probably not, you just might have to torrent it.	Yeah, kinda figured that was wishful thinking after I didn't see it on Netflix or crunchyroll.  Oh well, ahoy matey!
Story?	Well there were things posted I didn't want her to read. Especially the comments talking about how she engaged me sometimes.  newlinechar  newlinechar Or that one comment talking about how I sometimes wished I had chosen the other female I had a shot with instead of her
AFAIK that store bought copy will only work for new accounts BUT you should try and get in contact with Support in any way you can (I am a pref myself and I think the only way you can do that is by email or the website) and see what they say. Otherwise becoming a sub with that gametime card will give you 60 days of bliss; 12 character slots, 30% xp to levelling, no epic gear restrictions and the wonderful stipend of 600cc at the end of the month!	500** CC, you only get that extra 100 if you have an authenticator attached to your account.
same outfit, legs up and together ;) 	I got you :)
Very important to make sure patients understand how to gauge their pain properly, not just to ask them '1-10?' right off the bat. Does anyone have any good ways to explain to a patient how to gauge it, as in a way where I don't coerce them into giving me something I 'want to hear'.	I believe analgesia should be about correcting levels of impairment, and as such ask about *levels of impairment* the pain brings.
I never would have guessed.	Certainly not nectar of heaven. Just cheap and widely available. 
Nothing pisses me off more than going to an all levels class and people giving me the stank eye for floating.  This is an ALL levels class.  That includes levels that are above you.   I am not trying to show off.  This is just my practice.	It is a touchy subject isn't it? I observe my own bristling while watching much more advanced practitioners of physical yoga sometimes. But it is inspiring as well, and a good reminder to be a touch more humble 'bout my rippling rhomboids and swoll' dorsi...
&gt; They leveled cities newlinechar  newlinechar Nonsense. A lot of mongol stories are made up bullshit. But even if they leveled a few cities, the great majority of the citizens would have lived.  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; destroyed, probably, every farm they came across newlinechar  newlinechar So you are just making shit up now. If that was true, everyone in mongol controlled territory would be dead. The truth is that population across mongol controlled territory skyrocketed during pax mongolica. They increased so much that parts of the empire were able to break free - russia, china, ottomans, etc... newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; No food leads to famine. newlinechar  newlinechar The percentage of farms that the mongols destroyed is a lot closer to 0% than 100%. So whatever famine you are referring had nothing to do with the mongols. Famines usually occur due to WEATHER and/or poor farming practices ( ie not rotating crops ). 	I agree mostly with what you're saying, but you're point about pax mongolica (although completely accurate) is off point. It would be like saying the U.S. experienced no casualties because the baby boomers more than made up for whoever was lost. 
I'd rather have chance give me some options in my destiny than be placed in society from the get-go. I'd rather have some choice and have many different options and discover for myself what fits rather than be told from birth, 'you are designed for this. This is what you must do.' As it is, I have quite a few skills that I can choose how to apply and develop.	The design humans for something in particular is just one possible end of the genetic engineering thing. How about you have all the skills and can choose out of them, that are quiet some options. Engineering doesn't necessarily kill your options.
Sending so many hugs to you. I feel exactly what you're saying. Barring some incredibly shift in my AFC, I might be nearing the end too. I'm so sorry about this FET, and I'm inspired by your courage and ability to handle this so beautifully. I hope so much that it will work next time. You have my complete respect and admiration.	Thanks, darling. Massive hugs to you as well. newlinechar  newlinechar My acupuncturist kept saying, 'Well, you should start eating like your pregnant,' and 'I guess you'll be having the second beta on Sunday!' I just kept telling him, 'We'll see.' To which he tittered, 'Ah, I see you're being cautiously optimistic' and nodded knowingly. newlinechar  newlinechar I didn't have the energy to tell him that I had no optimism whatsoever. I kept it all to myself so I wouldn't be accused of being bitter. It was the same at the transfer as well when the nurse, doctors and embryologist kept giving me thumbs up and touching my shoulder. newlinechar  newlinechar I wish I could say it was courage, sos, but it's just quiet, defeated acceptance of my reality.
Or the one that doesn't get the right schedule. 	Or the one who leaves a class halfway through because they went to the wrong room. newlinechar  newlinechar That was my sister this year. She was one of the first people to get to a class and realized it was a senior class when someone with a beard sat down.
I have tried to restart it. Now could you explain the last part you mentioned? About the safe mode and pressing f8 at boot? Could you give me a walk through please? Or a link that could explain it? 	restart and as soon as the computer starts to come up keep tapping f8, it will take you to a screen with some options, choose safe mode with networking and wait for it to take you to the desktop. 
Too [bright](http://www.jcpenney.com/dotcom/men/pants/dockers-d2-off-the-clock-flat-front-chinos/prod.jump?ppId=pp5003162556&amp;catId=cat100560018&amp;Nao=168&amp;pN=8&amp;dimCombo=null&amp;dimComboVal=null&amp;colorizedImg=DP0708201318312863C.tif)?	Dockers D2 are going to be way too baggy for him.
[](/twigrimace) No loud music? That must suck	[](/abbored) There's really two sides to it: some people are afraid of ongoing noise, some of sudden loudness. I'm in the latter category, thankfully.
Good luck with that. While it is expensive, I absolutely loved my time in Pittsburgh. I'm currently back home in Florida, but I'm dying to get back to the city. Thinking of applying to Pitt Med just to get back	Thanks for the info! Good luck with your endeavors as well!
Having had them get this bad myself I can only say: newlinechar  newlinechar Next time, drop everything and get to urgent care or an ER. newlinechar  newlinechar Overdoing meds like this can and will cause rebound headache, which can be even worse. Furthermore, this could wreck your liver beyond repair.  newlinechar  newlinechar It's time to sit down with your docs and not let them up until every possible thing has been looked at.	Same. Get to the er and ask for oxygen immediately while they get the meds rrunning it dulls the pain slightly till the meds work. 
Don't forget about Mr. Woodson	I kind of just combine Rod, Darren and Charles into some one person despite not even being related.
I sill don't get it... :/	discrete vs continuous data newlinechar  newlinechar **discrete** is whole numbers (race winning positions: 1,2,3...) while **continuous** can be halved and points can be anywhere on the line (like age or height; people can be 49.333recurring years old or 182.34523894576234857263495cm tall)
&gt;It is designed for women of course but the one I have is so fruity and delicious. newlinechar  newlinechar It smells good, because you are supposed to smell it on women. The male variation isn't designed so you yourself like the smell, rather the oposite sex.	My girlfriend prefers it, and I'm not trying to attract any other girl so I don't see the issue.
What the Corsair did you just NZXT say about me, you little Cooler Master? I’ll have you know I built top of my class in the 2nd grade, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret RAIDs on hard drives, and I have over 300 confirmed builds. I am trained in SSDs and I’m the top cable manager in the entire buildapc subreddit. You are nothing to me but just another customer. I will overclock your thermal paste out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this sub, mark my Phanteks words. You think you can get away with downvoting me over the Internet? Think again, builder. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of sails across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, fanboy. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your computer. You’re Noctua dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can troubleshoot you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in integrated GPUs, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the ## and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable rig off the face of the continent, you little Fractal Design. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your AMD tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you prebuilt scum. I will cable manage fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’resleeved, kiddo. newlinechar  newlinechar /s newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah, I asked moderator permission and they said it was okay, if you think it's irrelevant just downvote and move on	bravo.
What's the difference between today's deadline and the 'trade deadline' in July?	Has to have cleared waiver wires to be traded to anyone.
Big stope. Copper/Zinc mine?	Development heading in a gold mine, most of the actual stopes were a lot smaller.
I hate when you THINK you're safe, so you bring out the nice panties and get into it, and that's when that last bit of surprise period decides to show up. Sigh.	Haha, the nice undies don't get anywhere near this girl for 4 days before and after!
18/f/latvia	Premise is ridiculous, all 18/f/Latvia taken by Russian soldier for do rape, same as potato.
Awesome! I glad you will do it. I mean it's not murder. 	You're totally right. I mean, it was so obvious I can't believe I never came up with it.
It still seems to me that every one of your complaints addresses white men only. Even the points addressing people who aren't white men seem to focus on a thinly defined masculinity that in many ways has little room for anybody but cis, white guys with moderate wealth. To get a better sense of where your coming from, is your cultural context for the present moment that white men are the predominantly oppressed group, to the point that worry about other people (or perhaps that all problems are solved by solving white men's problems). newlinechar  newlinechar In general, do you deny that specific experiences matter? I ask that since it seems you focus on white men's problems and you argue that unequal representation isn't a problem. It seems that specificity can't possibly matter or else it would be inaccurate to say that white men can represent non white men equally or more accurately than they can represent themselves (because, if someone has missed out on varied experiences of other people, then even when told about those experiences, they inherently would  not feel the same level of dedication/importance to those issue). newlinechar  newlinechar Also, are you more focused on culpability and legality than results. I am particularly curious about your thoughts on legality, since in many ways, legal change has not created equalizing results. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;I'm not entirely sure what you mean here. newlinechar  newlinechar I am referring to the fact that there are a vast number of inequalities and oppressions that have landed upon non-white men. In response, there are a number of movements that seek the righting of these problems. Unless you are denying that inequality favoring white men has ever existed, your seeming position (focusing on white men as the primary sufferers of inequality) requires a massive historical shift of power scales tipping. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;the examination of the causes for them is suspect. newlinechar  newlinechar By which you mean, it is in opposition to your own. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Define power. newlinechar  newlinechar The ability to make decisions with situationally defined, broad effect. Nobody has individual power over culture, but it is everyone's responsibility. However, white men are vastly overrepresented in decision making positions. This is itself power as is access to the inroads to this power (cultural/social/economic). newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;They're not assumptions, they're deductions. newlinechar  newlinechar Well, then they've been deductions upon which you have leaned heavily enough upon that you have to be assuming them to be true before I have spoken on my stance on the subject yet.	&gt; It still seems to me that every one of your complaints addresses white men only newlinechar  newlinechar Ah no many of them affect black men even more. I was merely pointing to examples where white men are also disadvantaged. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Even the points addressing people who aren't white men seem to focus on a thinly defined masculinity that in many ways has little room for anybody but cis, white guys with moderate wealth newlinechar  newlinechar I'm pretty sure the majority of the homeless and victims of violence do not fit that at all.  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;To get a better sense of where your coming from, is your cultural context for the present moment that white men are the predominantly oppressed group, to the point that worry about other people (or perhaps that all problems are solved by solving white men's problems). newlinechar  newlinechar No, it's that we shouldn't be ignoring people's problems just because a handful of them are doing better than others. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;In general, do you deny that specific experiences matter? newlinechar  newlinechar I didn't they don't. I'm saying your conclusions from them are still subject to scrutiny. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; I ask that since it seems you focus on white men's problems and you argue that unequal representation isn't a problem newlinechar  newlinechar Not inherently. It can be, but it would depend on how it came to be. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;It seems that specificity can't possibly matter or else it would be inaccurate to say that white men can represent non white men equally or more accurately than they can represent themselves (because, if someone has missed out on varied experiences of other people, then even when told about those experiences, they inherently would not feel the same level of dedication/importance to those issue newlinechar  newlinechar You seem to think you speak for the motivations or actions of others based on your experience. You are making a barely coherent argument that is also hypocritical. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Also, are you more focused on culpability and legality than results. I am particularly curious about your thoughts on legality, since in many ways, legal change has not created equalizing results. newlinechar  newlinechar I am focused on responsibility. Perhaps you should demonstrate that it's inherently bad that unequal results occur. Maybe there are other factors that you're overlooking in thinking how equal results can or should occur. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;I am referring to the fact that there are a vast number of inequalities and oppressions that have landed upon non-white men. newlinechar  newlinechar I never disputed this.  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;In response, there are a number of movements that seek the righting of these problems. Unless you are denying that inequality favoring white men has ever existed, your seeming position (focusing on white men as the primary sufferers of inequality) requires a massive historical shift of power scales tipping. newlinechar  newlinechar I never said they were the primary sufferers. I'm saying it's not as simple as you make it.  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;The ability to make decisions with situationally defined, broad effect. newlinechar  newlinechar So you're ignoring influence over those who make the decisions.  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Nobody has individual power over culture, but it is everyone's responsibility newlinechar  newlinechar Including women.  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;However, white men are vastly overrepresented in decision making positions. This is itself power as is access to the inroads to this power (cultural/social/economic). newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah let's ignore the Persian Empire, Umayyad Caliphate, Han Dynasty, Ottaman Empire, and the Mongols too.  newlinechar  newlinechar This goes back to the narrow definition of power. As the great logician Bertrand Russel once said, 'you can prove anything when you start with a false premise'. Nowhere did I say white men have it the worst; pointing out that white men have it bad too does not imply that at all.  newlinechar  newlinechar It seems you are still invoking a fallacy by focusing on the top of the heap and seeing who most of those there are while ignoring who most of the bottom of the heap, which is men.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 
I like this one. I'm doing long distance cycle training currently, but never thought of trying to find a group. Thanks!	Fancy that,  I just took up road biking but I've ridden mountain for years. They're much more different than I expected and I love them both 
Patient sign out sheets. Have to write notes to yourself in tiny spaces between the printed info from the charts. 	why not go for something finer?
Oh yeah that 'Extended Sideline' rule or something right?	Yep. newlinechar  newlinechar 7-3-2-h Exception: 'If the passer is or has been outside the tackle box he may throw the ball so that it crosses or lands beyond the neutral zone or neutral zone extended.'
Unless, you know, your pilot's doing the flying and you're the gunner.  newlinechar  newlinechar Also, planes don't crash quite so easy. They've got sophisticated autopilot systems that keep them away from the ground. 	Well, if they're so sophisticated why did he have to pour the iced tea himself?
I have kind of the same experience. I was sitting in the smoking room in a bar. My beer was empty and I was out of money for that night. I was sitting alone at a table where someone left an almost untouched bacardi coke. I was drunk so I decided to take it and drink the whole glass at once so if the owner of the drink returned he wouldn't be able to recognize his drink out of all the empty long drinks. I proceed to drink the bacardi coke and when I'm almost at the bottom I taste this burned, tobacco-like taste. Instantly I know that either I'm gonna have to swallow or spit as I see the beginning of what looks like a cigarette bud in the bottom of the glass. Turns out the reason the drink was so full, was because someone used it as an ashtray... I drunk the whole glass though..	Reminds me of 'Beer Roulette.' When it's your turn you point at a random beer that someone has left on the other side of the party that the next player must now drink, without looking in it first. We were pretty dumb in college. newlinechar  newlinechar 
Back when i was younger (13-16) i would try to be friendly to everyone. It's how i met my guy friends but most girls would just shrug me off as 'creepy'. Needless to say i was friendzoned. Now after a couple of months from noFap, I've actually come across those same girls and in my peripheral i can tell that they were giving me the up and down and checking me out. They were borderline staring and could not look away. To tell you the truth..it felt fucking great. keep doing what you're doing. What you have experienced is what many men try to live for.	dope suggestions. noticed that today also at mall. The awkward moment when young teens are checking you out. lol
I too read the Onion earlier today.	http://www.nfl.com/news/story/0ap1000000237053/article/no-kicker-for-cleveland-browns-after-cut-to-53-players
It's not the 'code', it's Federal law. newlinechar  newlinechar Fail.	Then show me the law.
I'm going to guess that you... newlinechar  newlinechar * Have an outstanding resistance against Magic newlinechar  newlinechar * A very short shout cool down time newlinechar  newlinechar * Like to put character behind your character newlinechar  newlinechar How do you enchant your crossbow? Do you do it yourself?	Yes to all of those and I enchanted it myself like any other weapon.
he got hit in the hand with a pitch in Thursday's game. Contusion. Sitting out a couple just as a precaution -- he should play tomorrow or Monday at the latest.	I had one of those once, right on the outside bump on my left wrist. That wasn't fun. Couldn't bend my wrist for a few days.
side note, totally unrelated, btbam rules. 	Damn Skippy BTBAM does rule. Seeing them on the 13th of sept. 
Disdain? You got [14 downvotes and three critical comments](http://www.reddit.com/r/running/comments/1lg4y1/got_no_love_earlier_but_rpics_loved_itlets_try/). newlinechar  newlinechar The reason you got downvoted was because in a large sub like /r/running, they try their best to keep the quality up. They have weekly threads for running route photos, 'this week's running achievements', stupid questions. This keeps 'personal chatter' posts down, where possible. There are plenty of light-hearted comment threads, full of jokes, self-deprecation, and even silly pictures. But nearly 90,000 people have subscribed to see serious content related to their pastime; when they see an off-topic or uninteresting post, they'll downvote it.	TIL....R/running don't take no shit from no one
French 75 I could do, corpse reviver I want to do but the absinthe rinse is something I think would end up confusing people. 	Instead of a rinse try adding a few drops of absinthe from a bitters bottle. That should be close enough.
[](/absmile)I changed my first water pump today in my uncles truck. Got the full grease monkey experience today!! I it was worth waking up early! Dude ferrarity, are you like dead most of the week, I never see you around.	&gt; Dude ferrarity, are you like dead most of the week, I never see you around. newlinechar  newlinechar [](/rarityconfused)This was like my most active week on the PLounge ever - maybe our hours here just don't coincide much anymore.
I still would have been worried (though not as much as if it were a shark...), seals can be dicks. I grew up close to Pismo. Lots of stories of tourists going in for a picture with the cute seals and coming back bloody. 	Yeah seals are very cute, but because of that tourists seem to forget that they're wild animals and not sea dogs. And their bite can fuck you up if you don't get it treated and disinfected right away. 
Rah. 	I'd like to thank you both.
b2tvfU7HSiH8et4VgiF9oOzj newlinechar  newlinechar btw if you have any spare UK club nintendo codes, I could use one as I am 2 games away from the SNES controller. Only if they are spare though :) Let me know if you manage to redeem the code so I can delete the post.	this code doesn't fit into the nintendo eshop download code? or is it another one?
Not appreciating that ur kinda calling me a liar I already got my town finished by rooster and angel who did an awesome job for me and my bf only my dad left ....and later his friends lol shoot me if so lol ....my dad isn't the community type that's all !	Pming you :)
neither, it is an activated ability.	Ah that's right. So what of stuff like madcap skills or other non instant or sorcery spells? newlinechar  newlinechar Does it count them?
I crawled through the game on my first BBE and still got 3:15. Did it again recently after not doing it in 4 years and got 2:45. Do you inch worm throughout the whole game? 	The 130 flashbacks watched added to his time, most likely.
This is something we all need	A miniature giraffe?  newlinechar  newlinechar I agree.  
Garder*	Garter*
That still seems to me like more than most state schools. 	I live in Tennessee, so I'm basing that off of our universities. A year at UTK costs $27,000.
Inequality is the price of civilization.	We wouldn't have anything if it wasn't for the middle class churning out all the scientists and engineers that created nearly our entire world. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar This face will be lost on you though. You are an ideologue who is trying to justify the huge wealth gaps that exist in the world. No different than the days of the serfs and lords. 'Without us where would they be?' asked the lords. Meanwhile if the lords went away wealth production would still remain at 100%, it would just go the hands that created it. The lords would starve in filth if they were left to fend for themselves.
A little log, specs and some more final pics can be found here:  newlinechar http://redharbinger.com/forums/threads/l3p-d3sk-upgrade-summer-2013.1266/	you've changed this a ton sense the last time I saw it. It was beautiful then, and it's beautiful now. good work.
&gt; The modern American accents seem to be closer to the colonial accent than the modern British accents do, which leads me to my final point, relating to how the regional American accents developed, as you asked: Why did the British accent change more than the American one? newlinechar  newlinechar Some Americans have gone through two extensive changes away from whatever colonial accent(s) existed: the [father-bother merger](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Father%E2%80%93bother_merger#Father.E2.80.93bother_merger) and [the cot-caught merger](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Father%E2%80%93bother_merger#Cot.E2.80.93caught_merger) so where some British speaker pronounce three different vowels in &lt;caught&gt;, &lt;cart&gt;, and &lt;cot&gt;, some Americans have the same vowel for all three words (disregarding rhoticity).	True. Speaking of rhoticity, that's a feature characteristic of the gradually encroached-upon historic southern English accents I mentioned.
Woah no IM or MVP :o.  That was the finals of the previous GSTL, will be a really big hit to the competition, but seeing Soul come in will be good, Dear and Trap have almost the best PvT and PvZ (respectively) so I can see them doing well.	No Prime either
I would assume so, But it's not $2 on Ebay!	Very nice! How much?
I have to know the story behind your username.	Seinfeld tribute.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KV8pNfeAGVc
&gt;Of the three candidates, only David Cunliffe, thanks to his business and political career, has the knowledge of the economy and business, and the ministerial track record required.  newlinechar  newlinechar He has 4 years of 'business' experience (according to [this](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Cunliffe_%28politician%29) ).  newlinechar  newlinechar He was a diplomat at 24 (87-94), business consultant from 95-99, then a poly from 99- present. newlinechar  newlinechar If he has the most suitable experience in the Labour party to guide us in terms of business then there is no wonder the business world is cynical toward Labour governing.  newlinechar 	So hang on a second.. the guy was a Harvard Fulbright scholar who achieved Masters in Public Administration, he went on to to be a diplomat, a business consultant and has now had 14 years experience in parliament, having gained his first portfolio within 3 years of entering parliament and then holding it until Labour left office, by which time he'd also picked up the hardest to handle portfolio, health, and people are supposed to be put off by this somehow? newlinechar  newlinechar David Cunliffe may have an ego the size of Jupiter, but he has experience in multiple sectors, and honestly, I think the 6 years as Minister for C&amp;IT would give him a much better understanding of business than twice that would working for any given business would. Ministers read more, learn more and do more in a month than most people do in a decade. The hours are horrendous, the pitfalls are constant and I just don't understand this bullshit about 'but you need to have been in business to do what's best for business' crap, because you know what? A vet knows what's best for a bunny, and the scale of knowledge required for the relative positions is about the same afaic.
found an example: http://i.imgur.com/f2HxIpO.png	I would eat brownies out of her asshole.
And here are the designs for the Game Grumps newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/Vp5hN2u.png newlinechar Arin's stripe is giving me trouble (The sprites don't have 2 sides. That's why his stripe in on that side.), and Danny may need to be a bit taller. newlinechar Jon will be included as a classic grump. newlinechar 	Those look awesome, not gonna lie.
Follow Lil' Bub's Instagram. It will change your life: newlinechar  newlinechar http://instagram.com/iamlilbub	I never she had an instagram. Why thank you.
thanks, I use NI Driver, izotope vinyl, and abletons reverb and chorus	Thanks!
When you're married with children you will understand.	Haha, I am not looking forward to the day when the only respite I can find is in the shitter.
I don't know what comes next. I'm so ashamed! You won :(	*Come back to Texas!* newlinechar  newlinechar --it's the chorus!
Yeah, we did. I just threw that in there because it's hilarious to me. Especially now that the mods spend countless hours every week trying to ban everyone that has ever posted on this subreddit. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar By the way, see my newest announcement! According to the newest Stattit numbers, we are now actually the #50 most active subreddit on all of reddit! 	They haven't caught me yet :P
That has nothing to do with UEFA	Yes but why complain after 1 game where you felt hard done by when you got a couple of decisions recently. newlinechar  newlinechar Also I forgot........NANI'S FUCKING RED CARD.
Shit. Where do I return my own kids?	To the womb, Alice! To the womb!
What do you mean *evidence*? There is no empirical evidence of a Deist God, as his residence is somewhere extra-dimensional. So reason is the suit of a Deist.	Why should we care whether a Deist God exists, if we have no empirical evidence (and ostensibly CANNOT have evidence) of his/her/its existence? Can we even have any useful knowledge of such a being by which to understand him/her/it?
Why should I bother to rap when singing has more flair? newlinechar  newlinechar The pitches hit should excited, and smash what you might prepare. newlinechar  newlinechar See, speaking fast is small fries and is only one thing newlinechar  newlinechar When I open my mouth out comes music, not muttering. newlinechar  newlinechar You may think you've got talent but all you do is speed write newlinechar  newlinechar Arranging notes to beat you with and smashing words wins a fight newlinechar  newlinechar I can fracture your poetry and break down a rhyme newlinechar  newlinechar In thirty seconds you'll wish you'd never taken the time.	I think you're pretty funny, you know that? newlinechar  newlinechar Because you assume that my lyrics are only rap newlinechar  newlinechar I've been singing with the angels for years now  newlinechar  newlinechar While you're still on chapter two on 'singing: how?' newlinechar  newlinechar In case you didn't realize, I make lyrics for every scene newlinechar  newlinechar Of poetry, from rap to song and everything in between  newlinechar  newlinechar You think you brought a point calling me narrow-minded newlinechar  newlinechar But you made a fatal mistake, cause if you just rewinded newlinechar  newlinechar Back to the thread I make of lyrics, there were songs in there. Perhaps newlinechar  newlinechar You need to learn more about your opponent before you conduct a battle relapse.  newlinechar  newlinechar 
Don't get me wrong, I absolutely agree with you. It was a wasteful way to spend his money.   newlinechar What I'm saying, is that I think it's cool that he was able to set a goal, work at it, and accomplish it. newlinechar  newlinechar It's got to be a great feeling to complete a 9 year goal.	That's true, and most people in this thread, even if they are telling him what a waste it was, are applauding his dedication and will. That doesn't make it a smart decision though.
Buddy of mine works for Goose, This is for a number of beer events	gotcha...  that makes sense.  I am having a 'beer event' at my place tomorrow, if you could have him drop one by that would be great.  
Arsenal need to sign a lot more players than we do. In case you haven't noticed, they have like 12 fit first team players. Oh and United literally only have to sign 1 central midfielder and our problems are solved. Arsenal need a GK, a DM and a striker. Don't compare the two clubs. Our squad were the league champions last season. Arsenal struggled to get 4th place.	 Oh I wasn't comparing squads at all. I'm just saying they've had a better window than us.
EC9	ECA
It gives you just as many options to not kill people. There was a bone charm that let you strangle people super fast, you could become a fish and swim in, Many of the roofs had no guards but were tricky to get up onto, the time freeze was its most useful when going stealth and you were noticed.  newlinechar  newlinechar You're right the COD reference was unfair because the interface in Dishonoured was way better. But it was set up in a way that made stealth play just as good as combat play.	If you kill a bunch of people, and save certain assassination targets like [Daud then the outsider shows up and tells you that he pretty much doesn't understand you or what the the hell you're trying to accomplish](/spoiler). I played the game a really weird way apparently.
[](/raritea)I drink Budweiser if I specifically intend not to get drunk but want to have *some* alcohol anyway.	I'm sorry we've invaded whatever land you're from, too.
The price has nothing to do with the obsession. People don't like it and get addicted because they need to pay their hard-earned savings on it.	But money has a hell of a lot to do with why you sold you kid for drugs...
Haha that's awesome!! And you like it?	Fucking love it.
college* newlinechar  newlinechar And I don't know. Quite an unreasonable situation your parents are putting you in. They sound very irresponsible. I can understand you want to help your sister, but your parents financial situation shouldn't be a burden you carry on your shoulders.	I know they are irresponsible and unfortunately I feel like if I don't try to do something nobody will.  
You mean Hobart's funnies. One of 'em is indeed a flail tank.  newlinechar  newlinechar https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hobart's_Funnies	Yes!  I couldn't remember who they were named after.  -The ground war in Europe isn't my area of expertise... :s
[](/twicheer)Ah another brit. Now I know 4 newlinechar  newlinechar [](/twigift) What kinda work?	[](/dashfillysocks)Sounds about right for the really active ones. newlinechar  newlinechar Messing about with some programming things.
So, he wants LSU to win by split-decision after going a full 12 rounds.	12 OT does sound good.  newlinechar  newlinechar Final of Regulation: 3-3 newlinechar  newlinechar After 12 OT: 113-111 LSU
&gt;circlejerk newlinechar  newlinechar What is it with reddit's fetish over this word. 	It's really annoying, isn't it? The thing that gets me is that by complaining about circlejerking, you are essentially circlejerking with all the other complainers about the thing you are complaining about. In other words, complaining about circlejerking is a circlejerk in and of itself.
Well, if they're so sophisticated why did he have to pour the iced tea himself?	Checkmate Atheists
You'd actually have 612^2 nickles, which I assume is a lot.	$18,727.20
I feel like an idiot for not seeing what this should be. Please, enlighten me?	velar fricative
I walked to the one on west navy once, can't remember the name, it was close to my apartment. Kinda right over the bridge across from the car dealership and circle k. The chicks were so nasty.	babes. And you're in the navy.
I must be lucky, in my 8 years as a contractor there mustn't have been any skinny people at my interviews.  newlinechar  newlinechar ###OR MAYBE IT'S BECAUSE WEIGHT HAS NO BEARING ON MENTAL HEALTH.	WHHHHHHHHHHHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAA! newlinechar No need to punch me in the face with words!
I love his Phillip J. Fry voice.  It makes me think how much Fry sounds like Michael J. Fox.	Actually, it sounds like Fry is an older Doug.
What you are saying is that you've created another /r/BicyclingCirclejerk? newlinechar 	http://www.reddit.com/r/TheoryOfReddit/comments/15ijw8/are_subreddits_really_the_solution_to_eternal/
[](/cutevinyl)I don't think I am.	[](/ppexcited) you're pretty wrong 
Where I come from in central PA we just call that shit dessert or otherwise known as a hearty breakfast. Now pass the scrapple.	[this is the origin of jello salad](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-KkZASTLDLpI/UY5iurMY4wI/AAAAAAAAB8o/m0XQR__0hys/s320/jello+salad.jpg) newlinechar  newlinechar Yes those are olives, cheese and celery.  That's why pretzel salad is salad.
Ugh, she's so thin. Off to pour salt on the cake left in the fridge.	No she isn't, fatty.
Or you just keep both the AHs for ladder. People bought from farmers in D2 ladder and people will do the same for this.	Exactly. Keep the Rmah for ladder and nonladder. 
My you're a tall one!	/punt
Getting under his skin was extremely effective as he's celebrating a touchdown that blew the game open.	Just saying it won't be the last time this is brought up to him. Against a better team this could cost the game. I enjoy his recklessness as much as the next guy but if I'm a defender for LSU or Bama... I'm thinking of ways to piss him off. 
Not yet, but I didn't have to fully charge the one that worked before I activated it. They also make completely different sounds from each other when I press the button.	Try charging it. It's a good practice for any rechargeable device to let it fully charge before initial use.
They're not red? What color are they? Being colorblind I thought they were red.	Green, the little diamond label is red though 
Generally you want to start out your build with CDR, this allows you to push your lane early by spamming Q, you can do this safely with W up without boing at risk of taking too much harass. My personal favorite first item is Morellonomicon because you can start out with a Kages lucky pick on your first back, it provides a very large amount of ap for a very small cost, and gives you mana regen which is important for  if you are going to be spamming q.  newlinechar  newlinechar While using your Q to farm try your best to line it up to hit both minions, and the enemy champion, getting the hang of this will come with time and don't worry too much if you don't land all of them. newlinechar  newlinechar Another option for first item if chalice of harmony -&gt; Athenes unholy grail, it provides less AP than Morello's, but makes up for it with better mana regen and give you MR, I will generally only buy this if i'm getting out harassed by an AP mid. After you have your CDR item, you want to focus on your damage and make landing your skillshots both worthwhile and rewarding, so build the standard core of Deathcap + Void staff, and if your team has any AOE lock down you should be able to dominate teamfights by landing your Ults+Q's from a safe distance. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, if you max W second (which I do personally), locus comes off cooldown EXTREMELY quickly, so you can use it to reposition in teamfights as much as you need, and combines with Sorc shoes + Void staff, no amount of MR will keep your opponents safe. Anyway, this is your core, Sorc Shoes/Morello's or Athenes/Deathcap/Void, the next 2 items are all down to preference and how the game is panning out. If the games going well, and you are not getting caught in teamfights and are allowed to unload your entire combo in teamfights, Ryali's+Liandries will turn you into a mobile ion cannon, you can use any of your damaging spells to slow the target, and make it much easier to land the rest of your combo, combining Ryali's with Liandries is natural as it doubles the DOT burn from Liandries and allows you to poke very effectively with your long range, short CD Q.  newlinechar  newlinechar Also the health these 2 items helps you deal with any long range damage the other team has. Other items can be picked in place of these two however, items such as GA (for a final end game teamfight), Zhonyas (VS AD Assasins or high single target burst such as Zed), take into account that you should build the Seekers Armguard first during lane if you face an AD Assassin, this combined with your passive makes you tough to burst. You CAN get yourself another CDR item (Morrelos or Athenes) if you are permanently engaged in a poke war, however I dont like to do this as masteries+blue buff+blue elixer should cap your CDR anyway. DFG is also a viable pick, but not reccomended unless you frequently find the opportunity to assassinate a target that dives you in fights, although if you are struggling with Xerath then you probably shouldn't try this as it is VERY situational.  newlinechar  newlinechar To expand on playing him early game, Poke and push. Spam Q, get either Chalice or Kages ASAP, and just farm early game, if you manage to land a stun, ensure you get a few auto attacks in-between Q's to maximize the amount of damage you deal. Harassing them early is extremely effective because they can't just sit under the tower and farm like in most matchups, because you can hit W, and keep hitting them under turret, forcing them to lose Exp and Gold, sometimes even netting you a kill as most players underestimate his range. If you do manage to outplay your opponent and force him under turret, WARD BOTH SIDES OF YOUR LANE! If the enemy jungler ganks you while you are in locus trying to poke in the middle of the lane, chances are you are dead if you can't land a stun or don't have flash. Mid-Late game, take advantage of your range to poke, and to help siege turrets and force the enemy team off of objectives (such as dragon/baron), in most cases, you will force them to disengage and back off.  newlinechar  newlinechar Learn your ranges while in locus, and try to figure out spots you can hide in the jungle during sieges (such as wolf camp when pushing 2nd tier mid tower) and poke from there, this will very frequently force people to group to the other side of the lane while defending/attacking, making them much more susceptible to your AOE. newlinechar  newlinechar I hope this is able to help you, if you have any other questions on Xerath feel free to ask! newlinechar  newlinechar Sources: I have been a Xerath main since the start of Season 2 newlinechar  newlinechar 	Also, don't worry about losing to a janna, If the player knows how to use AP janna, she is very difficult to beat in lane because she doesn't let you kill her and she clears the entire wave with a single Q
1. Go to [my routine](http://antranik.org/bodyweight-training/). newlinechar 2. Scroll to the bottom and expand the 'Supplemental Info' section newlinechar 3. Scroll to the bottom and look at the progression exercises of 'Finger Strengthening exercises'	Thanks!
Every time I read these 'facebook delusions' I am always shocked by how bad the grammar/use of language is! Is there something in the bible that says God will grammar/spell check for you??  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: knowing my luck, the above is probably riddled with typos, et. al. But I'm an atheist...god aint checkin' up on my speeling...	Education, it really is that simple.
lits plai sanic	**It's no use!**
You fuck one goat...	I would never fuck a goat!
ECA	ECB
Worst tequila story: the first time I tried it, I became aware that I can drink a whole bottle and keep sober.	You must be some sort of god or demon.. newlinechar  newlinechar Ahh, just noticed you're a poncho. Go figure. ;-P
Is marauder considered a tank class? That's what I'm playing as right now anyways	Yup newlinechar 
BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD WAND!	Pull blood out of non essential organs! Dump brain blood into wand!!
'Is that going to be a problem? If you're worried about them, we have the ability to create an entire city out of a crystal that's harder than glass and can keep them safe. Also, if they want, we can give them another form that resembles our own.'	*All the children exclaim disgust.  Opal just laughs* newlinechar  newlinechar 'It seems they don't like that idea, but I must ask the children.' newlinechar  newlinechar *She looks them all in the eyes* newlinechar  newlinechar 'Now, do you want to go with the nice man?' newlinechar  newlinechar *They nod their heads and in semi-unison say* newlinechar  newlinechar 'Yes mama Opal.' newlinechar  newlinechar *Opal smiles* newlinechar  newlinechar 'Seems they're ready to go to a loving family.'
Why arn't Tito and Rampage?	Bigger names 
That's not true, America spends more money on Health Care (including tax dollars) then any other country. A single payer health care system would actually save tax payer dollars, you would not need to raise taxes. 	Firstly, that's a strong claim to make.But regardless, this doesn't make sense. Right now people pay for healthcare through insurance. If that didn't happen, even if costs go down overall, taxes have to go up so the govt can pay for healthcare, rather than the individual.
That's the [OBLIVION](https://www.google.com/search?q=oblivion%20logo&amp;um=1&amp;ie=UTF-8&amp;hl=en&amp;tbm=isch&amp;source=og&amp;sa=N&amp;tab=wi&amp;ei=B40iUry2IqjeigLwzYCwAw&amp;biw=1440&amp;bih=778&amp;sei=CY0iUo3NL46GiQK84oDwCg) logo.	So it is. My apologies, the two symbols have some distinct similarities.
I was pretty disappointed in this game actually, but hear me out before downvoting me: The skill trees were stunted, and heavily in favor of a violent approach, there weren't enough weapons to facilitate a peaceful playthrough, the storyline was exceptionally short, and the ending was so abrupt and bland I honestly didn't realize it was over until the credits ran.	I don't particularly disagree with any of your points but I only find the short story part to be a negative.  Obviously more content would be nice, but it had enough for me to enjoy it.  I took a long time to finish it as well because I did a lot of exploring and trying fancy infiltration methods that may have involved reloading half a dozen times due to screw ups.
I think Dyrus is better on Karthus simply because he's a more careful player in general. Regi needs to keep playing Zed and Ahri, because he likes to dive the back line, and that's just not as effective on Karthus. 	I always found it a little funny that Reginald's Karthus, of all champions, was the one many pros considered to be his 'world class' champion. His style just wouldn't seem to fit that champ.
'I didn't realize they could expire TWICE!?!' newlinechar  newlinechar Ah, fun with English..	Whoops.
Not quite, if you notice when you look into a mirror, your left hand isn't mirrored over to the right side of the mirror, it's still in front of your left hand.	&gt; if you notice when you look into a mirror, your left hand isn't mirrored over to the right side of the mirror, it's still in front of your left hand. newlinechar  newlinechar This is correct, but it doesn't prove me wrong. The original kid holds up his right arm. If a person holds up their right hand and looks in the mirror, the hand will be on the right side of the mirror. This is also true of the kid in the 'Fixed' version of the picture. newlinechar  newlinechar 'left' and 'right' are relative, if you ask the mirror which side your hand is on, it will respond the opposite of your opinion.
1101 0100 1100   newlinechar Small typo just back [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/counting/comments/1l05w8/1100_0000_0000_binary_counting_thread/cbzb2sl?context=3), that you guys might want to back edit.	1101 0100 1101
I'm not advocating 'the value of hiring Australians and treating them fairly' though, am I?	He's not advocating it. It's what he does.
I find people, it's what I do. newlinechar  newlinechar And remember, I wanna be a mongoose!	Can you PM me what you can find out about me? 
Coming up, Dead Mao Five, followed by Toggle Seven Her.	I imagined it more as being pronounced 'Toggle Her' and the 7 being just a stylistic division between the two words sort of like in [AC/DC](http://i.imgur.com/T29TCcK.jpg).
Why?	Its spam bots.
Also, since when was I put on trial? And how does Ray have the right to do so? The OP is bullshit, Ray is the one on trial if you ask me. newlinechar  newlinechar I will leave this thread up till tomorrow so everyone can get their last words in about how horrible I am as a server owner, then I am going to remove it, so make sure to take screen shots so you can have plenty of 'proof' of my abuse to post on my mcreddit ads as a way to smear the DELTA name. I gave you all a place to play for free and this is how I get rewarded. 	As I said to brood earlier, I'm dropping this whole thing. No one was on trial in my book. I just felt that some things needed to be said. I'm gonna remove the post from your ad and let it be water under the bridge like I said. newlinechar  newlinechar I don't know who that DeltaAnonPlayer or whoever is, but I can't remove their post otherwise I would. newlinechar  newlinechar I realize I've made an ass out of both myself and austin with this thread, and have sucked several other people into this shitstorm, and for that I apologize.
I've had stuffed tomatoes before, they are awesome and delicious and beautiful. newlinechar  newlinechar Your picture is none of those things...is your mom not normally the cook of the house?	Well..the non-burnt parts look like they have the possibility of tasting semi-good?
yeah I'd probably go into hypothermic shock seeing as I'm sweating from the heat now	91 degrees ain't no thang anyways 
You mean like a survey?	First past the pole?
I have a feeling the sizing hasn't changed, but I've just ordered 6 different sizes from 34H to 40G to review on my blog.	I'm so tempted to order now but maybe I'll wait till you get your review up to save myself the hassle of returns :-) 
In the Old Testament (Leviticus 15: 19-30) women are told they must bring a sin offering and a burnt offering (animal sacrifice) for the temerity of having menstruated!    newlinechar  newlinechar 'And on the eighth day she shall take unto her two turtles, or two young pigeons, and bring them unto the priest, to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. And the priest shall offer the one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering; and the priest shall make an atonement for her before the LORD for the issue of her uncleanness. 	&gt;'And on the eighth day she shall take unto her two turtles, or two young pigeons, and bring them unto the priest, to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. And the priest shall offer the one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering; and the priest shall make an atonement for her before the LORD for the issue of her uncleanness.  newlinechar  newlinechar Any women out there want to show up at church or temple with some turtles of birds when they start ragging? Bring a highlighted bible when they have no idea why you are there.
'Todos sus bases militar son pertenecen para nosotros' newlinechar  newlinechar i hope this is as broken as I want it to be	Yes, you did good (Bad)
However the initials 'NSA' appear to be. The NSA may be seen as a kind of 'trademark' for the NSA, [and that has less free speech protection](http://www.wptn.com/trademark_vol5is1/insight.htm) than traditional copyright (which is pretty bad in the first place).	Well it is absolutely not a trademark, but that aside, the REST of e clause that they pasted says '*in a way that implies the agency endorses it*'. newlinechar  newlinechar Roughly paraphrased of course - but the point is that you can't just print your own t-shirts with a seal that say 'NSA - fighting for freedom' or some sht like that, as if it was the NSA that supports or endorses the t-shirt. newlinechar  newlinechar However, the language of the law they cited seems to *go out of its way* to allow for parody works just such as this one. newlinechar  newlinechar The NSA clearly has no case here.  It's not a cease and desist letter, it's a 'please please desist' request, disguised in bullying language.  Of course hoping that they can smear away the ridicule with no lawsuit, and hence keep everything under the radar. newlinechar  newlinechar I mean, it's the NSA - if they had any sort of case, there would be a snuff letter attached to it and you'd never hear about it.
this code doesn't fit into the nintendo eshop download code? or is it another one?	Its on the club nintendo website you must enter it. I am pretty tired so I will help you out in the morning but try searching on Google or around the club Nintendo website for the clearer instructions.
I literally went out and got a fedora just to say, this. 	Good purchase.
What you have there are three concretions and the last one just looks like a plain rock to me.	Thanks for the reply!  I can definitely see how the hollow one with ridges is a concretion of sorts since you can see individual rocks cemented together.  Searching that term I found [this page](http://www.fallsoftheohio.org/Egg-LikePseudofossils.html) with some objects that look a lot like the ones I posted.
Is she supportive in other ways? Does she really listen to you when you talk to her? Do you know her 'love language'? Does she know yours?	Sometimes she listens and says she wants to work . Lately its more we don't have an issue, what are you talking about. Not sure about love languages.
&gt;Peanut butter can cause actual health issues. newlinechar  newlinechar no shit? like what? I've literally never heard of that.	Anaphylactic shock, for one. 
That Dog's always in the wrong hood. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: *dawg	Your a glass half empty type of guy newlinechar  newlinechar I see it as the dog is never in the wrong hood
HE IS SUPERB. HE LIVES IN A HOME. HE HAS A PENIS. ALL BOW TO MARKEVENS	HE IS SUPREME. HE IS THE ONLY MARKEVENS. ALL SALUTE MARKEVENS.
... I would ask how you are confused, but I shouldn't expect that much from a liberal. newlinechar  newlinechar   Basically, you need to use websites that would post this kind of information, not liberal hogwash sites like The Huffington Post, that avoid anything and everything that make their favorite celebrities, playing the roles of politicians, in the White House look bad. newlinechar  newlinechar  While typing the above statement, I realized it might be too difficult for you to understand, so here is a simple version of it:  newlinechar  newlinechar  *The liberal media will not talk about any bad/embarrassing information about a liberal. Try other websites.* newlinechar  newlinechar   You need to get this information for yourself. Do your own research, get the views from both sides. Refrain from asking others about information.	&gt;I would ask how you are confused, but I shouldn't expect that much from a liberal. newlinechar  newlinechar Oh, I get it.  Because I don't immediately accept an unsupported criticism of a liberal politician, I must be liberal myself and read the huffingtonpost.  Thanks for at least making it obvious the level of intelligence I am dealing with here. newlinechar  newlinechar The rest of your post is, of course, simply avoiding the actually question: Where's the proof?  I get it, it's easier to insult me than to actually offer of the evidence.  I think you realize that you don't actually have it. newlinechar  newlinechar If this level of discourse is typical of whatever political group you associate yourself with, I'm glad I'm not part of it.
&gt; Dude ferrarity, are you like dead most of the week, I never see you around. newlinechar  newlinechar [](/rarityconfused)This was like my most active week on the PLounge ever - maybe our hours here just don't coincide much anymore.	[](/abaww)Its weird because when Im in the mood to run into you, youre never there! newlinechar  newlinechar [](/sp)[](/abfun)Hey, we should hang out!
it's a cultural thing. a lot of the taboo on it seems to inherently stem from religions. which I've always thought a little peculiar, since the first time god got annoyed with adam and eve, was when they clothed themselves in  leaves to hide their nudity. the bible says they felt ashamed about it, because they aware of it after eating the apple of knowledge of good and evil. there is a school of thought that says the fruit represented sex, and god cast them out because adam and eve did have intercourse, while god had designed them 'in his image'. eg- not reproducing, just the two of them, tending to the earth and it's creatures.  newlinechar  newlinechar anyways. in some cultures they're more open to it than in others. the french seem to be quite open about it. it does seem that where religion has or historically has had a stronger footing, there's more opposition to any exposure or sexual references. especially regarding children. and again it seems rather contrary, because young children have usually recently been breastfed, yet seeing a nipple is deemed more inappropriate to them than adults shooting and stabbing eachother on tv. people are funny things.	I never thought about the fruit representing sex- thanks for mentioning it. However, it makes an interesting parable for the relationship between sex and death. If death did not exist, reproduction would not be necessary. Looking at the Adam and Eve story with this lens, they created death (sin) by having sex (apple). Maybe the dead person(s) that wrote the Adam and Eve story were just trying to understand reproductive immortality then religion happened and fucked it all up.
Wow. Three things: 1. Saving money is actually defined as a 'leakage' from the economy just like overseas bank accounts and exports. 2. If eveyone saved money the economy does the opposite of 'grow'. Demand i.e. Spending is what drives the economys growth. Weak demand results in things like the great depression. 3. This phenomenon is referred to as the 'paradox of thrift' - essentially the paradox is saving is good for you personally but bad at a macro level for the economy.  newlinechar  newlinechar The comment above would be hilariously misinformed if it wasnt this kind of economic misinformation that got us all into such deep shit. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: I seriously want to know what school taught you those things in your economics courses?	I misstepped. Investment is more what I meant than saving, but saving more than we do is still in the right direction. Yes it is true that immediately you'll see less money being spent. However in time people saving money leads to less bankruptcy less foreclosure and less wage garnishment. People who don't know how to spend their money and spend it wildly end up spending their credit limit and then they end up going bankrupt that is not good for the economy at all. So the long term benefits of saving are far greater than spending.   newlinechar But really by saving, I mean turning it into loanable funds (sort of like equating it to an investment) where the bank is able to loan out the money they put in the bank rather than have it sit around and lose value. This not only helps stimulate lower interest rates but also increases *subsequent* investment and spending.   newlinechar So I really don't disagree about leakage and I'm not saying all spending is bad. It's just sort of better for us to increase the ability for businesses or people to take out loans they can pay for. (And the paradox of thrift assumes a closed economy which is true globally but not nationally where we have holdings elsewhere.) And Northwestern.
Yes, but he's a 'lesbian' newlinechar  newlinechar igotnothingforthisoneiwasntsupposedtotellanybodythoughsoijusthopehekeepsitasecretifheisseriousaboutjoiningishouldprobablypostareplysmiley newlinechar  newlinechar XD newlinechar  newlinechar youfuckingweeaboo	Aww, what a shame. newlinechar  newlinechar greatnowhethinksyou'resomesortofpervertwithathingforpeoplelikethatshitnowredditknowstooomgrainyoujustpulledabouqetoffuckingoopsiedaisies newlinechar  newlinechar Don't worry, I'll keep it under my hat. newlinechar  newlinechar whothefuckevensaysthatanymorerainareyoufuckingfromthe1800'sorsomeshitjesuschristihatebeingyourbrain
Fuck the braves. Go fish!	Amen! We want that League Best! Show that Magic makes Magic happen ;D
Fizz doesn't have that great of wave clear since it's his escape.	Cooldown is low enough that you can use it if you ward. newlinechar  newlinechar As they said he's played quite a bit in EU, everyone maxes E first for waveclear.
Don't forget the as of yet unverified sensationalized story in the title. He 'forced' every last one of his employees to leave the building, based on a 'gut feeling.'  newlinechar  newlinechar ... As if it's not a perfectly reasonable response when the skyscraper next to you has a giant burning hole in it, and as if his employees were super duper eager to stay in the other tower at that time?  newlinechar  newlinechar What the hell OP, I'm sure we're all glad for your dad and his employees surviving but this post is really pointless.	At the time the 2nd plane hit, it wasn't known for certain that it was a terrorist attack and that a commercial jet was flown into tower 1 on purpose. Most people assumed it was an accident and they were in no  newlinechar danger in tower 2. Even if someone saw the first plane fly into tower 1, there was not reason to expect that it was a terrorist attack.  newlinechar  newlinechar OP's Dad does what a lot of other people didn't do, which is GTFO, along with all of his employees. 
Like you said, they're *doing a lot of the hard work*, do you honestly believe you're going to stop someone who is much more powerful than you? newlinechar  newlinechar A lot of those videos have been confirmed and broadcasted via Twitter too I believe. (Maybe uptodatepronto can clarify since he's practically an encyclopedia at this point.) newlinechar  newlinechar Also I don't agree with the whole *we have to take an help we can get*. There's a big asterisk in terms of teaming up with globally acknowledged terrorist groups and supposedly fighting for freedom.	Just because they do a lot of the hard work does not mean they can overpower or outnumber us.  newlinechar  newlinechar Do you have any links you can provide? If not updatepronto you mind shedding some light on the situation?
He shouldn't have to adjust to strike calls several inches off the plate. It shouldn't be called that way in any scenario. Umpires need more accountability for their zones, they shouldn't have such a profound effect on a batter's approach, and games in general, because they aren't consistent with calling strikes according the zone set forth by rules.	I agree with that, but they are consistent.  Just not consistent with the rule book.  If they were consistent with the rule book pitchers would have to come inside which is fine by me. newlinechar  newlinechar But this is the way it is.  I'm not arguing with anybody.  All I'm saying is Murphy hasn't been able to make the adjustment when other left handers have.  When he has in the past.  Nothing new here.
&gt;  newlinechar http://thisisthinprivilege.tumblr.com/ newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;(Incidentally, when choosing a T-shirt for myself, I got to select from the shirts that were nicely hung up on hangers. When choosing one for my mom, I had to select from the shirts that were rolled up and tossed in bins underneath the hanging shirts - **because only shirts in size XL and smaller are worthy of hangers.**) newlinechar  newlinechar Anthropomorphizing a tshirt to make your fat ass feel better. wth	Well what are you supposed to do with a tarpaulin? You roll it up and put it in a bin yo. 
Great comment. /r/bestof'd	/r/nocontext
To keep him from feeling confused or upset.  newlinechar  newlinechar 	but how would he know there should be leaves in the pool?
Oh gee! 	Yeah.........
I tried to by that for my son but my husband said no. He had a stupid reason... Something about him not even being old enough for school yet. 	There is no such thing as too young for the greatest story of our lifetime.
No, they are immature and don't deserve to be called men or women, we call people like that children who obviously were not taught the fundamentals of respect and dignity. 	Wow i realized how fantastically stupid and retarded my post was, as they would rather be girls or boys, not genderless. Will delete.
damn, I've lost interest	I practically just confessed to you my deepest, darkest most emotional experience of my life, and you don't even have advice! newlinechar  newlinechar 
I had my now deceased laptop running for a week constantly without the fan working at all. It ploughed through as a steam downloading machine until the motherboard died from a faulty power supply. It was reaching about 85C on idle which was amusing.	My laptop was without fan for about a month (giant ball of dust wedged in it, didn't even turn on during POST), but I didn't want to fix it because I was smack dab in the middle of a grueling semester, and I couldn't risk killing the computer entirely (it was a Dell and I would have had to dismantle it *completely*). newlinechar  newlinechar Dat 80-90C idle. Ain't nothing like browsing facebook and opening your pores in 100C heat.
I thought blood money was better than buried	I couldn't agree more. I actually thought Buried was a pretty weak episode when compared to Blood Money
yes. he was all over the pitch	He's always like that. But I don't recall a game in which he's been the best player. Very reckless and not very good possession-wise. Also normally a subpar finisher.
Yes. you do, because you do 	Oh fuck! What do I do now? Is that bad? Am I going to die? 
Been living here for a year and have almost been hit by two cars, when crossing the street legally, when the opposing traffic had red lights. People here, worst drivers in Canada.	Have you ever tried to explain the concept of an unmarked crosswalk to someone here? Holy shit. newlinechar  newlinechar And don't get me started on roundabouts and signalling.
This right here is why I am for the death penalty. A monster who can find amusement in the torture of a disabled person does not deserve to share the same air as me or enjoy living. Albeit she's in a prison but still, she's alive and that poor woman isn't. She obviously has no remorse whatsoever so the argument of 'prison life is hell' has no effect on her. Prison isn't a punishment to someone like that. She still gets to eat and breathe and watch TV and interact with other people. She doesn't deserve any of that. Kill her now.	The death penalty doesn't serve as a deterrant (this is well-established), and is thus not a good punishment. newlinechar  newlinechar However, some people (Ted Bundy, John Wayne Gacy, this woman right here) *just need to be put down*. I don't see it as punishment or revenge— they just need to not live anymore.
The people here have a hard time understanding that people tend to have both good and bad sides, both smart and dumb ideas. Chuck Norris could save a bus full of kids and his accomplishment would get dismissed because he's a fundie Christian. But if one day it turned out George Takei had a rape dungeon in his basement, it wouldn't matter.	Wait, Reddit doesn't like Chuck Norris? What the hell?
Atta boy!	My tentative battle plan... newlinechar  newlinechar Tomorrow: newlinechar  newlinechar - My Father El Centurion (2007 release) newlinechar - Partagas Series P #2 Tubo newlinechar - Opus X Perfecxion X newlinechar  newlinechar Monday: newlinechar  newlinechar - Trinidad Reyes newlinechar - Nestor Miranda Grand Reserve 2011 newlinechar - L'Atelier 46 SS
No one started off a prodigy, keep at it! It took me a couple years before I was finally pleased with what I could do ;)	A child prodigy usually starts out a prodigy... Just saying. But they are special :P
Yeah. I'm thinking I can go ahead and cross 'high school counselor' and 'motivational speaker' off my narrowing-list of not-so-infinite  possibilities. 	You should totally be a high school counselor. Kids need to hear that shit while they have the resources to change their dismal fate.
Thanks.	No Problem. Go Irish!
20 and still single.  newlinechar  newlinechar  Trust me kid, you don't want a relationship at 16, it's not real. Your hormones are raging, you should be focusing on school, and no offence but at 16 you probably don't know shit (don't worry, no one did at age 16). Definitely wait until you are more mature (mentally, physically, socially, and financially).	Well you never know :x
I really dont know :( But if I get some new Informations I will update it on my YT Channel.	Thanks :) I love how so close to the Beta there's still mystery and stuff for the game lol
I'm sorry, but you can't be any hotter than the Vayne. 	Vayne is hot,yes,but her goggles and hairstyle looks pretty bad on her. newlinechar  newlinechar But I think Vayne doesn't want to look sexy,she is more serious than Ashe or Cait,for example. newlinechar  newlinechar 
'You sure?' newlinechar  newlinechar [And what about you? Do I have your permission?] *he asks Fey.*	[If my child wills it, I cannot argue, nor would I.] newlinechar  newlinechar *Silith kisses Jon* newlinechar  newlinechar 'YES!'
That's great! Good luck on your endeavors from here on out; I hope you reach your dream!	Thank you very much!  Can't wait to begin actually training clients instead of interning and training friends like I have the past few years! 
By'real'road users I assume you mean us assholes in cars whose tag taxes pay for installation and upkeep of the infrastructure, and whose vehicles are capable of maintaining the posted speed limit?  I'm a cyclist as well, but you'll never see me going down the middle of what looks to be a main road like this.  It's dangerous to me (the cyclist), dangerous to the driver who has to beet into the incoming lane to pass me, and inconsiderate to the line of cars behind me running late to work.  I love biking...on side streets.  I came within about an inch of being hit by a car once (my fault) and it was a very sobering reality check regarding'my right to share the road'.  I can't keep up.  It's dangerous, it's incredibly stupid, and its why I ride on side streets.  Or bike lanes.  Love bike lanes.	Almost every cyclist also owns a car and pays 'tag taxes' too. I cycle to work every day and own three cars. newlinechar  newlinechar In most states, tag taxes and gasoline tax pay for a small fraction of the infrastructure, and actually most of it is directed at interstates where bicycles are not allowed to go.  In fact every study that's looked at it has concluded that since cyclists are also homeowners or renters and ALSO OWN CARS so they pay the same taxes apart from gas as car drivers do, and cyclists cause vastly less damage to roads, that cyclists actually pay far MORE than their share of the costs of infrastructure. newlinechar  newlinechar You may live in an area where car drivers are particularly bad.  Around here there ARE no alternate roads, there ARE no side streets, there ARE no bike lanes.  At the edge of my property is 2 lane 50 MPH road with no shoulder.  Yet I have had no problems with car drivers in 30,000 miles. newlinechar  newlinechar I ride down the middle of the road only in a small part of my commute, where the road is in really bad shape and I have no choice (other than to either stop or get a flat tire on the potholes).  If there are cars behind me, they SLOW DOWN AND WAIT to safely pass, as the law requires.  I have not had any trouble with anyone not doing this.
The only difference is what each of you would shout at the point of orgasm.	OH, SCIENCE YES!!
Killing myself laughing 	We can only hope. 
I have always found their crisp texture to be like an apple.	Maybe by themselves but, eating chinese and all of a sudden getting that crunch isnt a delightful experience to me
Can I ask why you had to restart?	I was only growing out the goatee. While trimming it with an electric shaver, I just happened to suddenly sneeze and took out the entire middle of it. Figured I'd shave off the whole lot and grow it full after that.
Gary's dead now, he won't be needing the helmet he died in.	I shouldn't have laughed at this.   newlinechar Now I feel bad.  
There were a lot more cappers than just Hannibal.  Although he was/is amazingly organised at capping and has dozens of computers down in his dungeon where thebox staff have to guard him (occasionally he did break out though). newlinechar  newlinechar Seriously though all the others like TheDazz, Golficus, BedTimeBear, Penna and many more often got over looked.	Oops, I didn't make my point clear. Of course, there were other contributors! I was talking about covering F1 contents. I don't recall seeing any rips other than Hannibal's there this season.
We do know what killed it. Natural causes. 	zing
Yes, but they need to be 'pushed' when the ragdoll effect begins, the key is to apply this in the right way. 	That's a fair point.
Rube Goldberg.	Andy Samberg. Sandy Amblerg. Amby Sandbird. 
Got any kind of link to something talking about that?	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scale_space newlinechar  newlinechar http://kth.diva-portal.org/smash/get/diva2:457189/FULLTEXT01
Thanks for the response! i really appreciate your feedback. how'd you like ye TOBS grapefruit? That's the other one I wanted to try. I have hard water so I figured a cream would be better for me. Plus, I have a body butter that's grapefruit and it's the most amazing scent. 	The TOBS is definitely a quality cream. I'm almost through my tub. I'm from Las Vegas, so I used it because I also had hard water. It works very well, there's a reason why it's popular. I bought the Barrister and Mann now that I'm back at school in DC and have soft water. To be honest, I haven't found a cream/soap other than col conk with a bad lather (and that was because I didn't realize I had hard water). It's just a matter of slick vs cushion. TOBS is more slick to me. Barrister and Mann is more in between, but leaning towards cushion. As with anything, YMMV. newlinechar  newlinechar Leisureguy also talks about distilled water shaves for soaps if you have hard water. Perhaps give that a go? 
That would be the same *if* he had a dick that had like 4 pounds of foreskin.	Have you seen lots of vaginas? They all look different and aren't like porn. Just like dicks. newlinechar  newlinechar Some are longer, shorter, thicker, thinner, bulge at the base, have tiny heads, have huge heads, barely stand erect when hard, veiny as fuck, red, black, pink, pale, giant foreskins, color-blocking from circumcision. They all look different.  newlinechar  newlinechar You seem to have a vague understanding of female human anatomy and diversity.
[How Arsenal feels.](http://i.imgur.com/FBlA4.gif)	[how Ajax feels](http://i.imgur.com/bgCIspy.gif)
It's a similar arguement of how even though drugs are illegal people will still do them.	Well, if some minority of people don't obey the law, might as well not have laws huh?
I went to leonard wood, had the same set up. 7 or 8 recruits to a room. There was no door of course.	What do you need a door for when you have almost four *walls*?
Hunter gatherers worked maybe.... a couple days a week. It was when we invented agriculture that we started having to go at it all day every day. 	Agriculture has definitely sped things up. It'probably less than 2% of the population feeding everyone now as opposed to 40% spending 2 dates week to feed everyone. The only reason we work so much these days is that our standards of living are much higher and require much more to maintain. 
Another poor sod who's the oldest in the year. Used to drive me *nuts*, and I know my parents tried to get me in the year above for many years as well. It just didn't seem right that someone born 3 days before me was leaving school a year earlier, and another of my major problems with secondary school was that for many privileges (like being able to leave the school at lunch and free periods or going home early on a wednesday when you had the two hour study period)  they went by year and not age so I spent an entire year being treated like a 15 year old and not a 16 year old which may seem a bit silly to me now but at 16 it was a big fucking deal.	As someone who got into the year above, I would have preferred I had been held back. Imagine being essentially a year younger than everyone else, both in age and maturity, but not being that old. And, of course, watching everyone else in your year getting to do things a year before you. Not fun.
Not a DS, but I think we can open it up from when we have all seen recruits to some pretty dumb shit. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar We had this female who was a hold over from the cycle before. She decided she was fed up with the Army and wanted out...so how the fuck did she do it? While another female was in the showers she took her rifle and HID THE FUCKING THING IN THE CLEANING SUPPLIES CLOSET. Shit got real pretty fast and before I knew it we were standing outside at attention for 4+ hours while they ripped apart the bays.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar After 48 hours they found it after another hold over seemed to magically know where it was. The Army didn't even press charges, they just chaptered her ass out. CID was involved and everything. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar tl;DR fuck holdovers.	Holy shit was that Jackson 2012 I remember that 
Kinda like the Zoltan only really super extra secret?	Perhaps
blue pulse. newlinechar  newlinechar [heres a list of some other good skins, the one im using is like the third down.](http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=1161035)	Oh nice, thanks man.
Do those streaming options not work on iPads (even with Photon), or am I just not pressing the right buttons? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 	You can go [HERE (First Row)] (http://firstrowus1.eu/watch/204762/1/watch-19-boise-state-vs-washington.html)... There should be a small 20 second countdown in the top left of the media player...once that countdown expires, on the bottom left of the player the word CLOSE should appear..click that and you should be good...and with photon if it plays flash it should work i think...haha....Anyway Enjoy!
Are they twins?	They're from the same litter - so I guess they are :) They have their wonderful differences though.
You know what? I'm not changing it.	Is that because you don't know how? 
So did you change your order to this version?  I've never met anyone who bought a console and only had a single controller.	Recently (4 months ago) bought a PS3 to play most of the exclusives I've missed out on and still only have one controller.
Downvoting is for namby-pamby little wieners who can't argue their own position.	Are you either a namby-pamby little wiener or unable to argue your own position? 
Seconding this	Thirded : )
Somebody got a little worked up..... Just so ya know, you can still have conversations with people even if you think they're a bitch.... I know she won't come back but I'd rather keep talking to her as an ex than have someone on here recognize her face and tell her about it and lose all of the mutual friends we have.......... And I know she would have broken up with me and fucked him in the summer if I didn't let her so at least I got good pictures and have her break up with me than have her break up with me and not get anything. 	No, you can't 'have conversations' with somebody like that. You don't have mutual friends. If you do, this whole schpeel is going to come out anyway. You're going to lose their respect as well for taking it like a bitch. You're making excuses for your bitch-assedness right now. You're still hoping she comes back. Even after all this shit you would still take her back. She has no respect for you. Even if he dumped her and she came back to you, it would just be until she finds a new dick. Its really pathetic. Don't post the video (like a real 'friend' would give a fuck after what she did), but do yourself a favor and realize you aren't 'on good terms', and you shouldn't take her back. Stop talking to her. Move on from this embarrassment and put this shit (and her) behind you for good. newlinechar  newlinechar P.S. - she was lying when she told you she didn't cum. Seriously. She wouldn't have left you if she didn't.
so.... do they?	I don't think they actually bothered with fish. 
Lol! Well, to save yourself some embarassment, you could practice by trying to keep your balance on the bike without moving forward (pushing on the pedal while keeping the brakes pulled may help). If you can do that, you can probably ride any bike in existence! newlinechar  newlinechar BUT I might be totally wrong, because I've been riding for 15 years and don't really remember how I started. Yet I still can't do this trick for more than 10 seconds!	get a fixie brah
Fetusues - krogans have multiple kids. 	At a time?
Has there been a single report of them not paying? I don't understand why people didn't expect them. Did I miss something? (yes I know people suspect they are owned/a laundering system for a criminal). 	In one month ViOlet, Eve, Inca, TOP, Ganzi, Genius and san left the team.
I've always thought were some type of malware. Do those type of streams actually work? 	Yes, I find them to be higher quality than flash streams.
Not true. The majority of obese people follow the simplistic instructions they've been given that are supposed to help them lose weight. The only thing that happens is they end up weight cycling which is actually the biggest predictor of weight gain. The calorie hypothesis contributes to obesity, and it doesn't do anything to curb it. It's part of the problem, not the solution.	I refuse to believe that the majority of obese people actually, strictly follow calorie restriction diets without losing any weight unless you show me some evidence of that.
The concrete stoop is not my favorite. The siding / trim fix that exposed this problem should take care of the water issue. newlinechar  newlinechar If the wood is damaged through-and-through, can I cut out the damaged section and replace it? I don't think it would be more than two or three feet of wood.	From what I am understanding from the pictures is that the damaged area you have circled is called a 'plate' The wide board above that is called a 'band board'. The plate lays on and is fastened to the concrete foundation. The band board appears to be a 2x10 and it will span at least 16' (as it would if there was a window below it). Unless the damage to the plate is more than 16' continuous  it will be fine. But to answer your question yes you can cut out the damage and replace it using pressure treated lumber. Also, I would use Azek (plastic wood available at Home Depot/Lowes) for the new trim.
Yea, lately they've been adding a lot of [fake difficulty.](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/FakeDifficulty)	Whilst fake difficulty is bad in a game, this is hardly a case of fake difficulty.The zombie multiplication feature adds more to the feel of a zombie horde, whilst also scaling the reward of defeating the zombies. newlinechar  newlinechar More zombies = more xp, more fun, more challenge and higher chances of getting rate loot.
SUCH AN HERRO! newlinechar  newlinechar If he posted this ANYWHERE else it would have been down voted. OP is a fagot. 'Based on guy instincts' good job whoring your dad for karma, asshole.	Eat a bag of dicks, asshole.
I [got you](http://i.imgur.com/zOanJQN.jpg) man. newlinechar  newlinechar Hope^you^like^snails	I will upvote every single one of your posts. 
I'll bet we attack DB next year. Either through FA or the draft. Though it's tough to get the upper echelon DB's without a frst rd. pick.	[Don't tell that to David Amerson](http://washington.cbslocal.com/2013/08/30/the-redskins-may-have-the-steal-of-the-draft-with-rookie-cb-david-amerson/)
Well, it was perfectly fine before he started selling it.  At this point, he really should try and engage his customers more.	Yeah, it was perfectly fine because his game wasn't even released in any stage and has a fan base of what u/tankorsmash just said was a few dozen. BIG SURPRISE.
Well I am sure that once you figure out how to live for thousands of years a few hundred will seem like nothing. That and if you don't slow down while in rout your trip wont end well...	True
That's my name... Dad?	Fuck off Carl.
Yeah I'm really surprised at the McNutt cut. I haven't seen anything of particular interest on waivers at WR (maybe Tavarres King or Gettis) though, they might be exploring trades at the position (unlikely for a #5) or they might be happy with Thigpen as the fifth guy. newlinechar  newlinechar Also I didn't expect Kheeston Randall getting cut. Thought he played well at DT, better than Vaughn Martin had anyway. newlinechar  newlinechar That's one crowded defensive backfield. Don Jones is a guy I'd expect to get waived soon to make space for another WR.	Last year we had 6, it's surprising one of the 3 didn't make it.  Pretty upsetting, I really thought McNutt would make it after Tyms and Bumphis were reported.
An AI making jokes about killing scientists with neurotoxin during a 'Bring your kid to work day' and how the main character is unwanted by her parents is far from as dark as WALL-E was. newlinechar  newlinechar The fact is, Portal isn't something that could easily be made a movie out of, and releasing it by a company that only makes children-appropriate movies would be a disaster.  They would have to drop all the dark humor therefore losing the spirit of Portal.	Oh, I definitely don't think Portal would be well suited for a Pixar movie. I was just using Wall-E as an example of them being able to pull off a more 'real' feel.
That last one seems a lot more feasible. I completely appreciate this. I am going to start researching into it a lot more. If you ever need to learn a backflip let me know lol. newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks so much!	No problem at all. Here's a few links to get you started: newlinechar  newlinechar * http://wiki.mikrotik.com/wiki/Manual:Hotspot_Introduction newlinechar * http://wiki.mikrotik.com/wiki/Manual:Customizing_Hotspot newlinechar * http://wiki.mikrotik.com/wiki/Manual:IP/Hotspot newlinechar  newlinechar Just a fair warning; you will need to learn a lot to get this set up if you don't already have a background in networking/linux. If you don't have the time to learn how to do it on your own, there are more expensive devices out there with a basic hotspot setup that will handle it all for you, but just realize it's either time (since RouterOS takes a while to learn) or money. I prefer Mikrotiks for the price and flexibility, but for a new user they can look overwhelming. newlinechar  newlinechar Feel free to PM me if you have any problems. I may even be able to send you a basic hotspot gateway config file to use as an example so you can be sure you're heading in the right direction.
Never thought of it this way! Your opinion or is this what everyone thinks? newlinechar 	There's a YouTube video that explains it. I forget the link but I'm sure you could find it if you searched 'Portal game conspiracy' or 'Truth about Portal game'.
Alternately, 'Asha'man, kill!'	I can hear the half second of silence before chaos breaks loose
I did that today, as well! It's a great Saison. I grabbed a four pack and a 750. I like it almost as much as Saison-Brett. What did you think?	I definitely understand why I see it so much on this sub!  I'm really liking Saison ales.  This one might just be the best one I've had.  
&gt; cheap helmets protect just as well newlinechar  newlinechar This is the issue I have with OP's statement. newlinechar  newlinechar Quite simply, no they do not.  'Cheap' helmets (ie: plastic helmets) do not protect nearly as well as fiberglass or carbon fiber helmets.  The main reason is that the plastic, although cheap to produce, is much softer than the fiberglass.  Because of the softness of the shell, a manufacturer typically has to use a polystyrene that is much MUCH tougher on the inside of the shell in order to maintain a satisfactory level of safety.  This tougher polystyrene will not absorb a hard impact the same way a soft polystyrene will. newlinechar  newlinechar Cut an HJC and an Arai in half and let me know what you find...  Typically the Arai will have 5 layers of polystyrene that will be unseparated by glue whereas the HJC will have only 2 layers of MUCH harder polystyrene AND have glue strips holding the layers together (these glue strips also don't transfer energy as well as the polystyrene itself). newlinechar 	I guess it depends how much faith you put in DOT ratings and assessment. newlinechar  newlinechar Sure that extra protection might make a difference in a 200mph crash. But if it's good enough for the 70mph crash I'll have then do I need more? newlinechar  newlinechar I could go further and further looking for more and more protection, is the HJC the point that it's 'enough'? In OPs case, it seemd to be. newlinechar  newlinechar Personally the sacrifice I make is in buying more expensive flip front helments. I accept the risk of the front seperating because of the convenience of being able to lift it. I accept that the DOT ratings are 'enough'.
I fell through a cloud at 10,000 feet, how fucking unreal is that?  Skydiving is one of life's best rushes.	That's sick...it's illegal to jump through clouds in VA apparently...but still a pretty cool thrill!
That would be why! Harry ended up reminding Peter that he saved his life at one point, and that shred of doubt enabled the metal hand to have a mind of it's own and turn on Peter, killing him, allowing them to escape from the dungeon.	Oh right. Okay.
Come post this in /r/freeEBOOKS :)	I will! Thank you!
But at least he's a nice guy, right? Right? 	hah yeah, i mean he has potential. he just makes some questionable plays. It's not like any of us would be better though. Frustations though.
Are you making the implication that all drugs are bad? Do you believe that there are any benefits to be had from drugs? There are many types of drugs mind you.	They didn't say that.  They're refuting the 'drugs are harmless' myth.  Yes, everything in moderation.  I know from experience that drugs are the most likely 'harmless habit' to turn into deadly addiction.  Too many video games are bad, but how many people pimp their mother for WoW gold.  Yet it happens all the time with crack and H.
Ok, here is a question: newlinechar  newlinechar Why is it that this concentration occurs in Corporate America given the fact that sociopaths/psychopaths are not likely to learn from their mistakes and have massive 'blind spots' concerning their own performance and capabilities? newlinechar  newlinechar Isn't it actually against the best interests of the companies in question to have sociopaths occupying these positions of power?	It is, but that doesn't prevent psychopaths from successfully advancing their careers. The best person for a given job doesn't necessarily get it. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Psychopathic traits include: newlinechar  newlinechar Glibness/superficial charm newlinechar  newlinechar Grandiose sense of self-worth newlinechar  newlinechar Pathological lying newlinechar  newlinechar Cunning/manipulative newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar If those don't get you into senior management, nothing will.
Would need minor league time. I was thinking more along the lines of someone we could plug in to play next year.	I dunno about free agent first basemen but we could make LaRoche go away and put Zim there already
herrooooooo	Hi!!!
I'm scared. 	The code word for immediate evac is 'mockingbird'.
I've never been big on jewlery. I live outside of texas where very few people know what it means.  I work in a field that doesn't particularly admire TAMU... like engineering for instance where Aggies are really well regarded.  newlinechar  newlinechar I'm really proud to have it tho. Things change over time. 	I hear ya...  I work in an office in Oklahoma.  They don't admire the TAMU degree too much either!  :)
[](/dashfillysocks)Sounds about right for the really active ones. newlinechar  newlinechar Messing about with some programming things.	[](/pretzelfilly) Yup. You, iTeriboo, Al, and Zimmer newlinechar  newlinechar [](/pretzelnom) I wish i knew stuff about computers
Make sure you read the rules here. Anything before season 5 isn't considered a spoiler at this point. This subreddit is for people who are caught up. You view posts at your own risk!	[you](http://imgur.com/KcN5dIy)
ever kiss anyone?	That's new saliva. Old saliva is something else. newlinechar  newlinechar I swear I've received more replies about this mundane crap than anything related to the MFLB. X(
If you mean not all bees work in one chunk, isn't there a machine/tool that acclimatizes the bees to be able to work in any biome? I'm not really a bee expert, so I may be mislead.	The acclimatiser can get most bees to work in most biomes. However, the limitation is that you can only get both_4 for temperature. I guess as long as you live in a normal/normal  biome, any bee can technically grow, with the exception of biome-specific bees. (Such as ender and nether, but I think you would be allowed a single chunk for building in these dimensions too.)
Minimum wages are different in other countries, plus I think taxes are included in that price.  It's still more, but not as much as it appears.	That's what I was trying to figure out how to phrase right. I know there is a standard currency. But I bet it is somehow 'worth' more or less than in other countries. 
Ask him what he IS attracted to?  Try looking through pictures of other women, for the way they dress, do makeup (or not), walk, carry themselves, etc.  If it's not too big a stretch for you, try those things and see how they fit on you.  Just don't lose yourself trying to change too much to please someone else, or you'll end up unhappy for having done it.	I've asked him several times what he likes, what 'does it' for him, turns him on. He's very mum about it. I haven't tried to look at porn or pictures with him yet. I'll have to do that, thank you.  newlinechar  newlinechar And I've lost myself in a relationship before. Not for any reasons similar to this, but I remember how horrible it was to become a person again after that ended.
&gt; If they decide against it, they have no heart for those poor little children that that got gassed. newlinechar  newlinechar Obama doesn't decide how congress's decision is received. The American people do. If congress votes not to intervene in Syria, they will have the 60% of Americans who oppose the intervention in agreement with them. I'm glad congress will get a chance to vote on this as it provides some valuable data on where our representatives stand.	He has quite a bit of power in creating a narrative about Republicans, though.
(Are you sure it'll fit?)	(Feels awkward)
Maybe I'm just dense and didn't notice it... :/ I know the original joke has the second scientist ordering 'water' and the first one gets pissed off because he wanted to kill the second one. I was expecting that punch line, so it seemed ironic when it was intentionally left out. But if the existing state of this joke *has* a punch line, then I concede it's not an anti-joke... I just don't *get* it.	Nah the original joke has the second scientist order H202 and dying, the second scientist ordering water was a play on the original joke
I'm not counting that. They got to play in it whereas the same caliber teams played in a harder competition.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar They played in the lower cup after not being able to cut it in the harder one	One could argue we should have gotten passed Blackburn and Bradford. Neither of which (no offense to them) are Europa League quality teams.
The bank won't give you a mortgage if you lost your job.  You'll lose your deposit, but you can easily get out of the contract.  	There's probably no reason he should lose his deposit. Getting financing is almost always a condition of the contact.
Have you tried the Unity 3D Engine? It's not exactly lightweight but it is cross-platform and has tons of learning material to help you get started quickly. There's a pretty big community around it and lots of add-ons/extras you could download. newlinechar  newlinechar Here's a link: newlinechar http://unity3d.com/ newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: I missed the 'C++' criteria. The only languages you can use for scripting are C# and UnityScript, which I don't think would be too difficult to transition to.  	Not C++. *Sad Trombone* Also really limiting if he expects the control SFML and Slick2D gave him.
what is klout is it bad	prolly. it keep emailing me. 
[;(](http://31.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m52tfiDKu41qkpz3uo1_250.gif)	[Bow to the victor](http://i.imgur.com/w02qXsF.gif)
Kinda, I would say it is more about how you see the benefits (handicapped spot/big dick), but not the disadvantage (going through life with the handicap/being fucked in the ass). 	As a disabled person, that's the best description of disability struggles I've ever heard.
You don't need to store energy. Try putting a gate on the front of your engine set to 'Power Requested' -&gt; 'Redstone Signal' you will have dynamically scaling power production.	Doesn't do anything to keep a steam boiler from burning fuel to maintain temp. Redstone energy cells aren't just batteries, they're also buffers that store excess energy when supply exceeds demand AND provide energy when demand exceeds supply. Like when you turn on your extra bees lab to create some new bees and end up using more than twice your usual energy because those machines have ungodly power requirements. newlinechar  newlinechar Dynamically scaling power production doesn't make much sense when your resource requirements don't scale as well.
That's amazing. I'm a wee bit jealous, because I really, *really* want my girlfriend to do that to me. newlinechar  newlinechar By the by, is there any chance we might get to see a video (or gif) of how you shove the whole thing down your throat? (I'm assuming you're the girl in the picture, obviously).	[Here ya go!](http://i.minus.com/iAHTD2NJkSp6r.gif) newlinechar It was in my post history.
How do you feel about Canadians gaining access to the American (better) Netflix?	As far as the company is concerned, it's smuggling content across international borders. Really, though, it's not like someone would stop you...personally, I don't care. newlinechar  newlinechar As far as US Netflix being better than Canada's, it's better in some ways. Canada can stream Dexter, US can't. Canada also tends to get big movies earlier than US.
It's the insignia of the Umbrella Corporation from the Resident Evil games.	Well, don't I just have egg all over my face?  What is a boy to do?
What if he pronounces wash with an 'r'? or forty four like farty far? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 	It took me so long to drop the R from wash luckily I never picked up farty far.
Actually her exact words were: newlinechar  newlinechar 'I fucking knew it! God damn it Valladian!'	Backstory?
Was that dent a result of the hood flying open? Why wasn't it fixed?	Lack of time, will be having a go at smoothing the dent out later
Wow they don't!? That's incredibly stupid, they were so good, and you're right they are very entertaining. newlinechar  newlinechar I love the sheer size of the band and the formations and movements they made, it was pretty cool	They show the band sometimes, and it's always in the background while they run the in game ads before cutting to the halftime show.
That move was so good, he lured whole TSM to close on him. Makes me wonder would've been better if he actually delayed them few more seconds fighting them and sacrificing himself so Vulcun gets baron with almost whole team dying for it.	Xpecial wouldve hooked him if he waited 1 more second and it might've gone straight to hell for Vulcun.
But you get *additional* queue points for doing a lot of damage/healing/capping a point/surviving, et cetera.	No you don't. You get points added to your scoreboard points based on damage/healing/capping.  You *always* get 10 queue points unless the server has installed a mod to adjust that (or you were just the boss). newlinechar  newlinechar Seriously, I've looked at the code for both VSH and FF2.  Hell, I'm technically the current maintainer of FF2 even though I don't really have that much to do with the current version.
.. After which the protagonist throws the cube into the incinerator to complete the test.	The companion cube would realize that his self-sacrifice would mean that Chell could face GLaDOS and escape. He tearfully smiles as Chell drops him into the incinerator, knowing that she would escape because of him.
Jesus christ, that area is not safe. Isn't that where the last shooting was?	That area is not safe to be a gang member in. 
I can't remember where, but I read a review where someone had interpreted the final cliff scene as Korra contemplating suicide, which then explains the whole 'lowest point' logic behind Aang giving back her bending.  newlinechar The point they make about needing more time to show her dealing with her loss of the elements is valid, although I'm half/half on it because it would make it pretty anticlimactic to spend a lot of time on that following Amon's death.  newlinechar Anyways, keen for the NC of the movie. 	yeah, I'm really disappointed they didn't discuss the suicide angle, although then again I suppose it would have had to be brought up by the fanbase to them which would have spoiled it, because it's definitely not immediately obvious to most people. newlinechar  newlinechar I think that that interpretation of events is a really really valid reading of it though, to the point where I would argue it's the most likely intention of that scene. And it also greatly redeems the ending, at least for me, and adds a lot of weight and beauty to it.
'Do not ask about the name.'	'You have a ship named 'Qwib-Qwib'?'
I run a GTX 650 Ti. I downloaded some of those mods on medium settings, so that helps. But it's really the ENB that brings it to its knees.	It was actually a grass mod that was crippling my FPS. Strangely enough, that mod suggested that it would improve the quality of the grass along with FPS.
I'm in the UAE. 	Here's a rescue group in Dubai.   http://www.k9friends.com/ newlinechar  newlinechar They have all kinds of dogs but you can ask for a specific breed.     newlinechar  newlinechar BTW, a Google search turned up several Golden breeders, but no specific rescue group.   Still there are shelters and you'd be surprised by what kinds of great dogs you can find there.
I'm convinced you made most of those words up.	[](/ajhappy)Nuh uh!
I think the greed you displayed as a child is exactly what the Santa concept was supposed to dispel from you.  newlinechar  newlinechar Congrats.	How did the Santa concept eliminate your greed? what else than presents did you care about?
It was getting downvoted because no one was reading my username. newlinechar  newlinechar Hey can I have some reddit gold? 	A novelty account is a risky sell 
You have valid points but calling him an idiot is ignorant. He's almost certainly much smarter than you 	*he goes full retard when public speaking newlinechar  newlinechar It probably isn't his strong suit, but I still aint voting for the shitcunt
Reginald - picks blue card	&gt; That guy spamming: 'i've made that joke already in this thread'
As a side note, some birds will NEVER want to be touched. Each parrot is different. I'd say just leave him be and if one day he cranes his neck and gives you the ok, you pet him, if not you don't. This is just my opinion from previous experience. I had a tiel that lived 20 years and NEVER wanted to be pet, but she was the best bird. Always on your shoulder giving you kisses, stealing your earrings, food and heart. :)	Thieving little cuties they are!
This is why having guns as a right is problematic.   newlinechar  newlinechar   	Except it's a right that at least theortically can be taken away. Convicted felons, for example.
I  don't think she meant to hurt anyone. I think she just flung it open because she was throwing a temper tantrum and inanimate object were getting the brunt of it. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 	Did you even watch it?  She was listening, then flung it open trying to time it...
Electronic paper, augmented reality, virtual reality, robots, automated vehicles, 3D printing, etc	Hell, I expect those to be fairly common in 10-20 years.
I have. I tried it for a few hours yesterday but I was making frequent typos and it wouldn't correct them. Am I doing it wrong? Should I be using it longer first?	When you start out, it will be like that. What you pat attention to is the three words at the top. The middle word is what it thinks you are going to say and the two others are alternates that it thinks it could be. When you first start working with it, if you are typing a word, if you see it pop up in any of those slots, click on it. You are basically teaching it which word it thought of correctly. Eventually, those words will start appearing in the center which means, if you just hit space, it will autocorrect with that word. Sounds like it would take a lot of work but it doesn't. Try to reward it if it guesses some hard or unique words.
Only thing I can think of is 'Why would you need to vacuum a duck?'	They get dirty.
Because we have enough problems domestically and don't need to be the world-police newlinechar  newlinechar Well, that's my reason anyways	People also don't care unless something like what is happening in Syria is happening domestically. It's not just that we have enough problems locally.
&gt;Pretty sure he's the boogieman because he killed millions upon millions of people for thier heritage newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah, he did those things, but he also did positive things. He brought a struggling nation out of a depression. He was an artist, a writer, a charismatic speaker, and a very smart man. These are all things that the boogieman propaganda makes it impossible for you to accept.	He brought it out of a depression... and RIGHT into total destruction! Yay Hitler!
Blacks only make up 13% of the US population and most of them are already mixed with at least 20% of something else. With all these other minorities entering America at such a fast pace and with all those mixed blacks having even more mixed children, their race is going to eventually die off here in America.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;feelsgoodman	The race will, but the culture won't.
I don't have any in MtGox, I'm just basing this on my general impression of withdrawal difficulty. What's this 5% option you mention?	You can pay a 5% fee that supposedly goes to cover banking fees &amp; currency conversion from Yen to USD in order to get your money out quickly instead of waiting for the standard wire to go through.
I'd like to see your legs please 	http://imgur.com/RypxtFy
The Forgotten Elders. Their name's have passed into the shadows.	It is rumored that there were four. Their names? Bill, Langley, Big Bill, and the greatest of the four, Brian.  
As a fellow American I disagree. They play positionally quite well, they both are fast enough and strong enough. I don't see what the problem is. I definitely do agree that Gonzalez is better than Goodson, but I think that either, at this point, would help and not hinder the defence greatly. Mexes is getting old and it shows. Zapata is fine on the ground but when a ball is in the air it troubles him and Mexes both. I mean it isn't like either of these guys are actually going to be bought in the next two days anyways, but what I'm saying is we need someone like them.	I love our national team players just as much as the next guy but neither of guys are of the quality to play for Milan. You're right, physically they would pass the test but I disagree vehemently with you about their positional play as I feel that is the weakest area for both of them. Mentally and technically they just aren't good enough. Milan doesn't need players like them we need players head and shoulders above them because as it stands now our starting centerbacks aren't even good enough. But I don't think we will agree on this so no hard feelings.
Funny enough, I play SC2 at a Diamond level, so if you wanted to play or practice, I'm around for that, too.	I was talking about SC:BW haha, sorry shoulda been more specific. I could never get into SC2 mp
seriously? this post was in an obviously jokingly matter, not cringe worthy.	I understood it was to meant to be a joke but it's still cringey.
It's from the Japanese show called Pokémon Smash, it aired about an hour ago. [Here's the clip. The audio was several minutes off sync during the stream, so you might as well ignore it.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohmOZ4OiSYA)	Fantastic, thanks!
I've tried to put a number of kids into the path of programming, its too freakin hard of a concept for them to learn enough to start getting reward from. newlinechar  newlinechar As a 12yr old I somehow KNEW I would be rewarded and stuck with it, OR I was too damned bored playing one of the 10 games I owned, for the 200th time. newlinechar  newlinechar When I give a kid a newly installed computer setup with linux and python/ipython/lua/perl/monodevelop and a couple of games that they can hack on, they NEVER continue past the initial instructional course I can give, and they quickly start playing flash games on facebook. newlinechar  newlinechar And from what I've have found or at least considered creating is that logic / programming games are not fun for kids, they are too involved, and the quick 'high' from gaining a facebook badge is more addictive and interesting ...1@#$%!@#$ &lt;/rant&gt; frustrating... really. newlinechar  newlinechar I can't say I've failed yet, since its one of those things, that maybe the casual introduction will eventually be rekindled later in life.	..or it takes a special person to want to program.
I can leg press about 1000 hahaha	I'm naturally fit because of genetics and stuff I do. I'm way too strong for my size. I have no idea what leg pressing 1000 means lol. Is it like 1000 pounds? I assume it's a lot easier than bench pressing 1000 or something.
How does this form? I'm a bit rusty on my sed/strat. 	Dense layer (gravel, sand) over top of a less dense hydroplastic bed (silt, mud) and the overlying layer creates bulges and casts into the softer sed. I'm also not much of a sed expert, maybe someone on here can do a better job of explaining it.
o/ high five.  newlinechar  newlinechar I absolutely 'hate' ACR. Always have to take a cold shower every time someone requests to see one, i.e. 'you know the trick where it rises to the top by xxxx magician?' newlinechar  newlinechar The most masturbatory trick of all card tricks, and if you have a proper routine/structure, it absolutely ruins it. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Thank you. It's a crappy routine effect because it ruins the buildup. Performing this is the difference between a guy that does tricks and a guy that has an act  
But no blood.	Cars is a kids movie. The hobbit is more of a young adult movie.
Will do brother.	Thank you.
Try getting involved in Reddit Gifts, [there's a lot of good to be done](http://redditgifts.com/exchanges/redditgifts-teachers-2013/) there.	Yeah I've done santa a couple times.  newlinechar  newlinechar Maybe they've kinda outsourced the goodwill.  newlinechar  newlinechar Good point. I am slightly less jaded about reddit now. 
How much worse would you say the camera is?	Camera is probably a little worse but in well lit areas you can get some very good shots. newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/YeubKJg.jpg newlinechar  newlinechar Here's an example of a  picture of a cat I took with my nexus. Obviously I used the stock photo editor to add the vintage effect.
4 I think, there is any player left in Azubu?	They have 5 players left, which will probably be a bit problematic with the Bo7 format. They might have some new players coming in, who knows. newlinechar  newlinechar But GOM wouldn't announce Azubu as a participant in their teamleague, if they haven't agreed to participate.
Get a tarmac from your lbs. Most lbs have free service for life (ie tunings but no free labor for aftermarket installs) if you buy a bike from them	The lbs with the Tarmac is charging $60 for a three year service plan, whereas the one with the Scott is giving a free 5 year plan
I'm not an invalid, sir/madam. That's basic hot dog knowledge.    newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Although I ate the Coney unadorned with condiments.	My sincerest apologies, I didn't mean to insult. Sometimes condiment choices can be confusing for specific styles of dogs. Some prefer without mustard on a coney but it is still acceptable. I personally like it. Same with onion. Shredded pickle is also good
I think there may have been a *slight* misunderstanding as to how odds work...	how? newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: are you going to explain? im lost.
I bet he can't retrieve the tee after kickoff like this guy! newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kGHTJC1qxpA	Touche..haha :)
Why did we have 4 QBs? 	In case of a disaster scenario happening before Sanchez is ready
Did you end the relationship because of the temptation or stay?	Did you make an account just to ask this?
Wow*	such wat
I'm sorry, but OP wasn't 'degrading' anyone. You're on /r/mildlyinteresting , if you haven't noticed that. OP was sharing a *gasp* **mildly interesting** thing which he stumbled on. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 	lol Thank you, I wasn't complaining. I just thought chocolate cake was a funny description for cheerioes.
Aww, what a shame. newlinechar  newlinechar greatnowhethinksyou'resomesortofpervertwithathingforpeoplelikethatshitnowredditknowstooomgrainyoujustpulledabouqetoffuckingoopsiedaisies newlinechar  newlinechar Don't worry, I'll keep it under my hat. newlinechar  newlinechar whothefuckevensaysthatanymorerainareyoufuckingfromthe1800'sorsomeshitjesuschristihatebeingyourbrain	You're fine newlinechar  newlinechar fuckingpervet newlinechar  newlinechar I'll send you a PM right now, and you can check out the site, okay? newlinechar  newlinechar ihopehesseriousaboutjoining
The tip is flared so that it doesn't come out of the jack, as /u/nalc said. newlinechar  newlinechar If you're curious, the reason that 3.5mm (headphone jack) is divided into 'segments' is so that it can provide stereo sound, whereas quarter inch (like a guitar cord) are mono. Stereo sound has two separate channels for left and right, which is why you'll hear one part of the song in one ear and another part in the other. newlinechar  newlinechar The tip of the jack carries the signal that will go to the left speaker/earbud/headphone, the middle segment carries the signal that goes right, and the bottom segment is ground, which completes the circuit. newlinechar  newlinechar You might have noticed that sound only comes out of one earbud if the jack isn't pushed all the way in, and that's why. Usually if you only put the jack in partway, only the left side can receive a signal (but it will confusingly be the signal intended for the right side!). newlinechar  newlinechar As for your second question, USB ports are usually pretty stable. Frankly, though, it shouldn't really be an issue unless the manufacturing quality is really poor.	There's plenty of quarter inch stereo used for pro audio or audiophile headphones (You'd probably be hard pressed to find over-the-ear headphones above $200 with a 3.5mm jack). Quarter inch balanced mono (it's a stereo plug but rather than being L - R - Ground, it's Positive Signal - Negative Signal - Ground) is fairly prevalent on some pro gear, although of course quarter inch mono is very prevalent, both on older pro speakers (prior to Speakon) and on guitars and similar instruments.  newlinechar  newlinechar That being said, 3.5mm mono exists as well, although it's rare to see it now (generally, the only time most people would see it would be if their computer speakers used a 3.5mm mono to connect the left speaker to the right speaker). There's also a 3.5mm that has three channels plus a ground, which is normally used for stereo audio and composite video, or for stereo audio plus a microphone for modern smartphone headsets. What's neat about that (and the whole connector philosophy) is that you can use a plug with less connectors in a jack with more, and it will still work. So if you've got a 3.5mm stereo plus microphone jack, you can plug in regular headphones without a mic and it will still work. newlinechar  newlinechar The proper way to refer to these contacts are as the Tip, Ring, and Sheath. The tip is fairly obvious, it's the first contact. The sheath is the last contact, because if it's a metal body connector, the last contact is connected to the body. Any intermediate connectors are designated ring. newlinechar  newlinechar For instance, a mono plug with one insulation band separating two conductors is called a 'TS' - Tip + Sheath. newlinechar  newlinechar A stereo or balanced mono plug with two insulation bands separating three conductors is called a 'TRS' - Tip + Ring + Sheath. newlinechar  newlinechar A stereo + video plug with three insulation bands separating four connectors is called a 'TRRS' - Tip + Ring + Ring + Sheath. newlinechar  newlinechar It's also worth noting that many older cell phone headsets (prior to modern phones that all use Bluetooth or 3.5mm TRRS) used a 2.5mm jack. I believe most of these were TRS, with mono audio and a microphone channel.
probably died and respawned as inf before op got killed	&gt; probably ^had ^enough ^time ^to die and respawn as inf before op got killed newlinechar  newlinechar FIFY
That was my first thought, too. Look at how clean this bathroom is! Living with women must be awesome (or at least hygienic)!	Except you'll be the one doing the cleaning.
AP Physics B is actually a much better preparation for the SAT II in physics than either C Mech or E&amp;M would have been. If you passed AP Physics B you should be in good shape. newlinechar  newlinechar I would look over the [list of concepts on the test](http://sat.collegeboard.org/practice/sat-subject-test-preparation/physics) for an idea of what to expect.  newlinechar  newlinechar If you really wanted to you could consider getting a [review book](http://www.amazon.com/Barrons-SAT-Subject-Test-Physics/dp/0764143530); this isn't totally necessary considering you should be fresh on the material, but it won't hurt you to look at it if you can spare the cash. It will give you a more in-depth look at the concepts on the exam, as well as some practice problems that you can do. This isn't absolutely necessary, and you can find comparable resources online for free, but I've found that students enjoy having a physical review book in front of them.  newlinechar  newlinechar For what it's worth, I'd say getting a [math II review book](http://www.amazon.com/Barrons-Subject-Test-Level-Edition/dp/1438000316) would be more beneficial for someone in your position, since it seems you have the requisite physics knowledge. The physics SAT II is relatively straightforward; if you know your stuff you can do it. The math II exam is more tricky; the SAT math section's big brother. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Source: private AP/SAT tutor who predominantly tutors math and sciences. 	thank you very much!
I can assure you from the people I know who were in the cast that they are definitely not racist. Also the four years since 2009 are enough for almost all students from that period to have moved on	Given most law students do con-joints, the large majority of the first year law students from 2009 who gained admission will still be there in their fifth year, so they won't have moved on.  newlinechar  newlinechar And 2009 was four years ago, not sixty years ago. If racism was such a problem among first years in 2009 they actually had to shut down the departmental discussion boards for students, I don't see why the problem would magically fix itself in four years time, particularly when the student body that resulted in the discussion boards being taken down are now among the senior students of the faculty. The problem wasn't anything specific to do with the student intake in 2009, but rather the general institutionalized racism that exists among the New Zealand public that we like to ignore.  newlinechar  newlinechar I've personally experienced it, and heard about problems with racism in the department from students, tutors and even a lecturer. Obviously not all students hold racist feelings, but anyone who says there is not a significant amount of anti-Maori and Pacific Islander racism among Auckland Law students is either lying or willfully ignorant.  newlinechar 
Source? 	Just google 'deathly hallows premiere emma' :s
In one month ViOlet, Eve, Inca, TOP, Ganzi, Genius and san left the team.	Clearly I did miss some things... thank you. newlinechar  newlinechar I miss Violet 
Only available on ForTempurAlone models. 	[you tried](http://i.imgur.com/wVNhJnf.jpg)
Shitty situation, awesome result.	I totally agree. 
76129	76130
That's what I usually eat days I have class. newlinechar  newlinechar Also happy cake day.	Huh, really?
[This [fantastic] video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikbp4Ypjthw) combines both directions [of time].	I'm only interested in One Direction.
NOPNOPNOPNOPNOP	knobs
I dunno about free agent first basemen but we could make LaRoche go away and put Zim there already	Well we could do that, but then we need a 3B. Or we could move Rendon there, but then we need a 2B. So basically we badly need an infielder except SS. 
So then how did they get away with doing whatever it is that they did?	You don't even know what happened and you're using it as evidence that Blizzard isn't involved with the esport side of their games?
Thanks! I just like to have fun, and it sucks when others can't have fun too, because of idiots. Everyone is new at everything at some point. Why not just help them become not new? newlinechar  newlinechar I stream almost every night or every other night. [My stream](http://www.twitch.tv/tophasays) if you are interested. If you subscribe, it always will email you saying what I am playing. I think my VOD are up also of all of my Payday 2 play.	I don't have the game. I just like hearing what you said. The amount of people who cry about 'dumb noobs!' Is exponentially larger than the number of people who do what you do.  Just about every gaming community would be a better place if 10% of players spent a couple weeks helping noobs.
Too bad, I too, lost it	Shit, i went to outback today, maybe they stole it.
A 15 year old is no child.	do you really think so? how old are you?
What's a sky bucket ride and what's the worst-case scenario? Also, how do you build a floor under the inverted coasters?	I'm on my phone right now, and would need pictures to show both. I'll give you a response to both questions in an hour or so.
Or a bear.	OR......OR a dog that was a bear that was a fisherman in another life
I'm not angry. You should have told me to stop being calm and man up.	Nah cause suggesting that men are the only ones that get angry is sexist...
Not Ghibli but still great, The Girl Who Leapt Through Time.	Loved this one.  The soundtrack was incredible.
But really, I don't think much besides what's going to be typical is going to happen 	I suppose your correct. I just feel the whole 'Forming,' of the teams will be the first few mins, followed by the battle and a 'congratulations' from Ozpin. Credits.
I did not know that was a condition of admittance. TIL.	It actually isn't. The reason mainly is that the traditional border between Europe and Middle-east is the Strait of Bosporus and that Turkey is such a big economy (76 Million people] that it can easily start to unstabilize or such, the Union. Just look at the Mediterranean countries, Spain, Greece, Egypt, Libya, Tunisia etc. They already have big riots in Turkey few months ago. newlinechar  newlinechar But Turkey is a member of NATO...
Nothing untoward, they're signet rings which are worn by some men in Britain.	Quiet you. We're writing mutant fan fiction here.
My tentative battle plan... newlinechar  newlinechar Tomorrow: newlinechar  newlinechar - My Father El Centurion (2007 release) newlinechar - Partagas Series P #2 Tubo newlinechar - Opus X Perfecxion X newlinechar  newlinechar Monday: newlinechar  newlinechar - Trinidad Reyes newlinechar - Nestor Miranda Grand Reserve 2011 newlinechar - L'Atelier 46 SS	Way to show me up! That's a heavy-hitting lineup!
After my first game I was all like Catharine the great? More like Catharine the so so!	'My abs are so firm you can grate cheese on 'em!'
(Feels awkward)	[](/ccwat) Sorry, I don't know what I was thinking.
Damn, you beat me to it!	http://i.imgur.com/e62OL4R.gif
Would someone translate these please?	First one is an ad about using the transmuted wafer of Catholic God's body as a laxative. newlinechar  newlinechar Second is something like 'You won't be bored while your woman is cleaning the floor.' newlinechar  newlinechar Third one is vegetable oil on the rocks. newlinechar  newlinechar Fourth one's like 'Protect your unforgettable vacation memories.' newlinechar  newlinechar Fifth one, don't know. Another God one. newlinechar  newlinechar Sixth one is a really specific parody about a specific brand of dough.
This entire offseason everyone was saying that this could be his breakthrough year.  I'm starting to believe it.  	DONT JYNX US YET!!! IT'S STILL THE FIRST GAME!!!
He's the one talking to me, we don't talk anywhere other than face to face.	Why are you around your ex face to face?
I don't even own a sweatshirt. newlinechar  newlinechar Is that bad?	You don't own a single sweatshirt? How is that possible? I have like 50.
They have an RB now. A real one. That should take some of the pressure off of him.	I hope you're right man.
I never leave home without my game face. ^^^^^because ^^^^^I ^^^^^suffer ^^^^^from ^^^^^perpetual ^^^^^bitchface	you'll fit right in.
the time is over for moral victories. Time for some real ones. Eliminate those two turnovers and the 2 75+yard plays and we're dominating them. We're killing in yards, 1st downs, the works, just gave up some stupid shit. Clean it up, we got this. Go Cougs! 	I completely agree. What I mean by a moral victory is even if we get blown up in the second half, we still controlled and outplayed an SEC team at home for a half. That's better than anything we did last year besides the Apple Cup.
Swedish Fish Meowfia?	He is destined to bring down deadmaus.
No problem lad shur if you are ever in Ireland I'll hook you up I know some lads from CO nice fellas, any who things will get better maybe not decade compared to the next but century to the next century it gets better.	I don't know how you managed to sound completely American in your first few comments and then go 100% Irish on me.
Excellent Idea! I did something similar with my 6 year old daughter! newlinechar Although actually merging a subject is a way better idea! newlinechar This is my housemate riding a small dog like a mighty steed in a fantasy dystopia. newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/QUMQwlb.jpg	(she did all of the colour painting too- including that magnificent sky!)
I don't think they actually bothered with fish. 	How they sold any copies I don't know
A lot of errors doesn't even tell the story of how truly awful Walters is at defense. I mean, he's bad bad bad. But he can hit for power. Doubt he gets very much time to play though.	More of a bench guy?
Just be as annoying as possible. newlinechar  newlinechar Harass with empowered AA and Q. Then stun with W. Rush Zhonyas. 	I'd say to get the Haunting Guize before Zhonyas
Titties in NatGeo!	Ayup, saggy African tribal titties.
That were filmed during Kirk's era.	Before...removing...the eps manifold...make sure...to...wear...Federation-approved...safety...goggles.
Then roll a tank! Been playing this game since release and I am still only one of a few tanks in my guild.  newlinechar  newlinechar Also, side note : most people only notice a tank when he is a baddie. People don't go 'Wow awesome job getting the shit beat out of you!' newlinechar  newlinechar People say awesome heals, awesome dps, or nice job DPSing while healing.  newlinechar  newlinechar &lt;/rant&gt;&lt;3	Nope I always congratulate awesome tanks. As a Tank myself I'm always very nervous about getting a bad tank when on a non-tank character. :( newlinechar  newlinechar People surprise me sometimes though!
unfortunatelly if you try the same thing with a nuttela, it wont happen. 	Well that was fucking enlightening.
It already came out and it apparently isn't as good as people hoped.	Yeh i have one sitting ok my desk. Best part was the introduction software. Probably have to wait till some useful apps come out before I use it again. 
Did you work at a laundry facility in ABQ? 	No, I worked in a nursing home drawing blood while I was going to school.  Good guess though.
Got it.  Haha sometimes I just need to know the general consensus before making a tech decision. newlinechar  newlinechar They're all carrier unlocked, right? So if I go pick one up at say a T-Mobile today, I should be good on AT&amp;T?  Sorry for the estupid question.	Just but one from Google and it's good on any gsm carrier. You might need to adjust some APN settings but that's a pretty minor deal to be honest.
I'm a 36 B (or C sometimes), so I doubt I'd be able to get more than about 5 terabytes out of mine, but I totally want this. Let me guess, the nipples are the ports? I'd want something else put in for that, because I have really sensitive nipples and fastening objects on them to retrieve data would be really uncomfortable.	Maybe they disconnect and the nipple is the USB drive.
Its on the club nintendo website you must enter it. I am pretty tired so I will help you out in the morning but try searching on Google or around the club Nintendo website for the clearer instructions.	think someone snatched it up while I was too slow. thank you for offering this however! :)
You really don't know as much about Shatner as you think you do apparently. newlinechar  newlinechar He hates 'Star Trek'? Have you ever seen the DVD he produced with Nimoy several years back called 'Mind Meld'? newlinechar  newlinechar As for the cast members who disliked him, what about the fact that he's been close friends with Nimoy for many years, and that De Kelley had great respect for him and was good friends with him as well? newlinechar  newlinechar Takei and the others found a way to make money and get publicity by trashing Shatner, bottom line.	Its a little of both probably. While they have profited from the stories of his behavior,  I have no doubt that the 'Star status' had an effect on him at the time. He had no idea that he would be with these people for 25 years. he was the star of the show, and he wanted to make sure his interests were covered once the show ended (something that was always a threat during its 3 year run)
http://imgur.com/HN4MgUy	Your paint skills are better than your pipe bending skills no question about that.
There's probably no reason he should lose his deposit. Getting financing is almost always a condition of the contact.	If he's signed a contract, he'll lose the deposit unless the sellers are really nice people.  Been in the industry, seen it happen, A LOT.  
Get out of here!	I haven't browsed 9Gag for 3 years if that makes it any better.
What does a player have to do to get a dog bone? newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: thanks for all the responses!	White bones are for good plays and other football related rewards, I'm guessing leadership moments and other stuff outside the game as well. Black bones are for good grades. Murray is getting his masters and has a 4.0. 
Yeah you guys should check out Ry Doon's vines, he's a great hova impersonator	Why won't anybody dance with me?
velar fricative	Never heard of it; cool sound! Thanks!
I LOVE being that drunk.  Where you can't feel your face and everything is delicious.  newlinechar  newlinechar I could LIVE In that state. 	...Or more than likely die in that state
Reminds me of that episode of The IT Crowd, 'the German' where Richard Ayoade answers a craigslist ad for a 'cooking class'	I think that's my favorite episode! They had so much fun XD
He hasn't given up a TD pass in three seasons. newlinechar  newlinechar Random stat, but just saying.	The counter is that he hasn't been covering the big time receivers, but still, even in his last year with Minnesota he was making his trademark backfield hits. 
2004 Subaru Forester wagon.	Awh, nice! Those things are nigh on indestructible and savage offroad.
The first half is. The second half is about the Punisher.	Just re-looked at the lyrics and it makes sense that the 2nd half is about the Punisher. newlinechar  newlinechar You learn something new everyday. 
This sounds interesting - I find endocrinology fascinating. I'll look into it. 	From WedMD: newlinechar  newlinechar 'Don’t use 5-HTP until more is known. 5-HTP might be UNSAFE. Some people who have taken it have come down with eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome (EMS), a serious condition involving extreme muscle tenderness (myalgia) and blood abnormalities (eosinophilia). Some people think the EMS might be caused by an accidental ingredient (contaminant) in some 5-HTP products. But there is not enough scientific evidence to know if EMS is caused by 5-HTP, a contaminant, or some other factor. Until more is known, avoid taking 5-HTP.'
Love the gif - needs to be made into an emote! newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; But now I just have Raseberry cider. I should drink it, just 'cause, but that would break my trend of just eating apple things today. newlinechar  newlinechar I've had that before - sooooo sweet. I thought I was going to get instant diabetes. newlinechar 	[](/tiashrug)Hmmm. Sweet does sound awfully tempting. newlinechar  newlinechar But given that I failed at spelling sweet a few times there, perhaps I should stop for the evening. I am expected to be slightly operational tomorrow.
Invented? Are you actually retarded? People have been making that hand gesture for ages.	My mistake on the wording, he's the one who brought it to our current team. Please use a different 'insult' though, it carries some weight with certain people
How are the mold lines on the kits? Do they stand out badly or are they well hidden?	They're not great, but nowhere near the worst I've seen. Gipsy is the worst out of the three, with seams running down both the front and back of his limbs and the back of his torso. Also not an amazing paint job on him.  newlinechar  newlinechar Crimson Typhoon is wei better (badum tiss) with the only visible seams being on the back of his calves and forearms. HOWEVER he has quite a bit of an issue with a loose leg and his third arm seems to like popping out. Real easy to fix though, just a ball and socket. newlinechar  newlinechar Knifehead only has one visible seam by his tail, other than the obvious joints anyway. He's real sturdy and doesn't afraid of anything. Only problem is his disproportionate size in comparison to the Jaegers.  newlinechar  newlinechar All in all: 3/5, would put on shelf and admire forever, would not give to violent child.
They have a new Chocolate peanutbutter ones... heavenly. I was on a diet... was.	huh, didn't look appetizing at first. I guess i'll try it now.
Cobrastan is not a real country.	Ok, ok. newlinechar  newlinechar You no like passport, I understand. newlinechar  newlinechar I come back again with better one.
'Won't you fight me yourself?' newlinechar  newlinechar [/u/MiniBandGeek] uses the **TATTERED HARMONICA** to sharpen the edge of the **SOUSAPHONE** bell. newlinechar  newlinechar [/u/MiniBandGeek] dodges and weaves through the oaken sentries, chopping off any branch that comes near with the **SOUSAPHONE**! newlinechar  newlinechar 	'Oh, but then it would be too *easy*.' [/u/TheSuvorov] taunts. Deciding to indulge his opponent, he fuses the **Fallow Club** and the **Bifurcated Harmonica** to form the **Staff of Prophecy**! With his staff in hand, [/u/TheSuvorov] sends a bolt of energy into [/u/MiniBandGeek], doing **20** damage and knocking the **SOUSAPHONE** out of his hands!
1101 0100 1110	1101 0100 1111
Have you never played WoW? For a long time that had millions of subscribers and players. It may not be a fad that dies out after a while but many devs would kill for that kind of success with a full price subscription game.	Exactly, $15 a month mmos are an outdated business model. newlinechar  newlinechar The 'next big game' will not be a $60 box with a $15 a month subscription, this is incredibly obvious if you watch the trend of which games are hitting huge numbers (LoL, World of Tanks, etc).
Not entirely accurate. Congress can declare war, but war can exist whether Congress declares it or not. The Founders specifically changed 'make War' to 'declare War'.	...But how do you make war without declaring it? If war is already being declared on us, we can defend, which is engaging in and thus 'making' war, but we can't send troops and weapons over to engage in the conflict of a country not engaged in war with us. That would be starting war. I'm not arguing, just explaining how I understand it. Am I wrong, or could you explain it better if I am wrong?
What's an Electrolyte?	It's what plants crave.
dont play mass effect 3 and dragon age 2 if you value your time and have taste	The emotional moments of Mass Effect 3 are certainly worth the time if you've already played the first two. Just because the ending was shit doesn't mean the journey to that point is to be discounted. [Spoilers](/s 'I for one cried when Thane's son gave that speech directed at Shepard, when Mordin sacrificed himself to stop the Genophage, and when I thought Grunt died.')
Is it too late for me to join? My FC is 1720-5587-5767 and my username is GD.	I don't mind! Jump on in. Both mine and freelancespy's fc's are somewhere in here. freelancespy is hosting though
Go. Have fun. Nobody cares what or who you do. Just be courteous when you explain what your deal is. Trust me, we've heard it all before. Lol. Report back!	Exactly this; Just go, talk to some people and have fun! Make some friends and do your own thing.
I may be biased (okay...I'm biased) but 'class' is a part of what differentiates us from the rest.	Definitely biased. But being biased doesn't make you wrong, mate! 
That comment is the worse thing on Reddit I have ever seen. 	That one hurt a little too.
'I'm not very good at photoshop' newlinechar  newlinechar You're a humble guy, aren't you?	Well yes, but really I'm not. I'm just willing to set down and do something until I get it right. I would like to think I did a good job on this. 
Do you need to get a permit to camp there? I am looking for a place to go camping for a couple nights and be able to do some light exploring. This place is about the farthest I would want to drive. I am in southwest Ohio.	No permit or reservation required. It's actually free to camp. 
I must be doing this female thing wrong...I can fit all of my bathroom gear in a 3 inch deep in-mirror cabinet with 3 shelves. 	I'm a male, and I can't possibly fit all my stuff in one of those. Either you're doing the female thing wrong, or I'm doing the male thing wrong. Or or or or... or maybe we are doing it right and the generalization is wrong. 
restart and as soon as the computer starts to come up keep tapping f8, it will take you to a screen with some options, choose safe mode with networking and wait for it to take you to the desktop. 	Couldn't have put it better. Once your in safe mode, Office won't start on it's own, so you can uninstall. Then just reboot like normal and install from scratch.
Deion Sanders! In case you arnt familiar with his work you should youtube some highlights man was a walking highlight reel. Thus the nickname	WHOOSH! 
She always changes the conversation to bitch about Elissa and complain about how Elissa is mean.	I feel like I would snap at this point and point that out to her. Shush, we get it. Elissa, Elissa, Elissa.
to hate caliborn?	Too obvious. Hussie must have something important on his agenda...
You can use context and other words to get your meaning across. You don't have to rely on a single word to get your meaning across. newlinechar  newlinechar Also you seem to think that this is a new phenomenon in language, or that it has been  somehow deliberately inserted into it. The first recorded usage of 'literally' used to mean 'figuratively' is from the late 1760's.  newlinechar  newlinechar How come you don't have a problem with other words that have two opposite meanings, such as 'to dust' or 'to cleave'?	[](/tsmyhorn) Of course I have problems with them! It's complete madness! Flammable and imflammable! **WHAT!?** ***AaaAaAAAaAAAAAgh!*** newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar [](/tsawkward) Ahem. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar [](/tsannoyed) The point is that 'literally' was a useful tool, regardless of where it came from and why it came, and why it's going. It was more useful being used to mean that something *literally* happened than as emphasis, in my opinion. Above all, there should be words to fill both niches. newlinechar  newlinechar [](/tsglare)  And *yes*, you can say 'I meant that as in it-actually-happened,' or 'for real!' or 'I'm *serious*' with a certain inflection et cetera et cetera... newlinechar  newlinechar But I want my word back! [](/tsgrr)
Xbox controller plugs into PC just fine.	I think I'll just keep my console for those games and my pc for the rest thanks.
[](/celestimad)ROAR I WILL EAT THEIR SKIN HOW DARE THEY NOT COMMUNICATE LIKE I DO.	STOP LIKING THINGS I DONT LIKE GOD DAMN IT newlinechar  newlinechar I WILL HURT YOU newlinechar  newlinechar [](/rdrage)
Take a picture of it, put the butt end of a bic lighter up to the top of it and I can tell you what size it is	alright newlinechar  newlinechar http://imgur.com/a/hAPBE newlinechar  newlinechar i have it next to the old slide, and the bong itself. its a regular sized bic. 
but how would he know there should be leaves in the pool?	He would decide to do some chores, one of which was to skim the pool. He'd do it, forget he did it, and go to do it again. He'd then get confused and frustrated because he 'knew' it needed done (originally it did), but couldn't remember doing it. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm guessing you never knew anybody with Alzheimer's or dementia. Anything you can do to limit their feelings of confusion and helplessness is good.
Woah, are they behind the playroom? Or is it that a company can make DLC from another's game? newlinechar  newlinechar I'm intrigued by whichever is true.	Sounds very interesting. Its Like what third parties do with playstation home in a way.
Go to the Indie Megabooth. Samurai Gunn, Vlambeer, and Hotline Miami 2 are all there. (and Barkley 2) newlinechar  newlinechar Telltale is showing off their next game 'The Wolf Among Us' and it's fucking great. Check it out. Worth the wait in line.	sounds good :D newlinechar im guessing that monday is gonna be dead on the giveaways huh
Abdelkader isn't that old is he? I'm thinking he's gonna be next captain.	I would pick Helm before Abdelkader. ^^^if ^^^he ^^^ever ^^^plays ^^^again ^^^:C 
Marketplace. I work at the deli/seafood counter.	Do you work in CT? Because a calico lobster that died in transit from restaurant to aquarium was actually in the news. I'm pretty sure they named the restaurant in the story. 
Towards the beginning of the game calm took up just too much of my mana, so I tried to adapt without it. Still used it every blue moon.	True enough. That's why getting all the right magic equipment is so important. Putting perks into the skill tree makes Calm a cost efficient spell in no time.
This was three years ago, so it's been a while. I had been interested but not many of my friends play. Context for the post: I saw a group of kids back at my college playing, so I joined, thought it was mad cool but had to go to class so I didn't get much out of it. 	But, the meme didn't really convey that. Your meme was based off of a fantasy you had about boosting a nerd's self-esteem? Wow, that is the real cringe. It's not only you trying to play it off like you are wanted, but you made it up. Insecurity to the max. 
Upvote because I see your point but I dont believe kids think this deeply about things. To a child anything pink is considered girly and anything blue is for boys. 	A century ago it was the reverse. Pink was for boys and blue was for girls. newlinechar  newlinechar It's all societal. If we didn't instill these concepts in kids they wouldn't have them.
How does one get shadowbanned?	By being a /u/Huge_Faggot.
I think Tech is more expensive than 20K/year for international students...	tuition wise, no it isn't...it's the same as out of state so about 26,000 for the year
That is pretty amazing. 	If I'm correct it started at an Open Cup game against NE a little over 2 years ago.
Please say this is yours and its real. Please post hundreds more pictures.	It is, it is.. I have a FB album- will link it up later..  http://imgur.com/wnJR5IC
Haven't seen one of those in a few years.	A white valve guard? 
not really. it's still the coaches teaching health.	And history, don't forget history!
There is the argument about it being a socioeconomic thing as well because a significantly higher percentage of low income people are overweight when compared to wealthy americans. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Socioeconomic standing is a legitimate stance but claiming a medical or genetic disorder without medical proof is not.
I know. I just like making shit up. Sorry. Sounds believable though, right?	Sounded believable enough to make me loom it up haha
F12 takes a screenshot in Steam. You can also use the Print Screen button (might be spelled PrtScrn or something like that), which should be to the right of the backspace key near the Home button, then paste your screen shot into Paint and save. :)	F12 also loads a save, which conflicts with the Steam screenshot, so be careful out there kids!
i guess I flew over the bell-curve of shitty and landed in the ironic zone xD	shitty is as much of an art as true irony is. She's elegant, but fickle. Sincerity and misplaced enthusiasm are her left and right hands.
More free time on a game that I can't play. What have I done to earn such generosity?	Yeah, me and my SO were just saying that. Seven extra free days doesn't mean jack if I can't play. This game needs to seriously look at almost all other MMO's and realize that auto-log off for idle characters is a must.
I Just added in weird, complex, and sometimes made up words that sound complicated into conversation. I eventually got really good at making up words, like glohemea; totally made up, but sounds sciencey and real. I'm still doing it to this day, and mainly because he was a general douche to me.	Haha I should try that sometime, pretty clever. newlinechar 
[](/adorkable) Nope. You shove it up their ass and shoot them like a firework	Yeah I never got that
They don't think it be like it is but it do.	**ROSES ARE RED,** newlinechar  newlinechar **VIOLETS ARE BLUE,** newlinechar  newlinechar **THEY DONT THINK IT BE LIKE IT IS,** newlinechar  newlinechar ***BUT IT DO.***
This kind of shit shouldn't be expected by anyone working anywhere. newlinechar  newlinechar When people come to accept this stuff that's when it becomes okay. Not sure I want to live in that world.	You live in a world in which sex shops exist.  People are going to be visiting a shop like that if they have one thing in mind.
Looks like a terrible card in both scenarios.	Looks playable in limited. Flexibility is always good.
I realize that you didn't take it on purpose, but I'd want my gear back too. They did give you the benefit of the doubt the first time you came back right?	Sorry it's completely on the staff member that set the display model next to OP's. He shouldn't have done that without remembering which is which. Also, OP should have been stopped before he left the store with the display model. Blaming customers for staff mistakes is idiotic and the owner clearly doesn't get that concept. 
I'm hoping you were going shave with the toothpaste,  and not brush with the razor	Uhh opposite. Yea. Not very smart. I went into the bathroom to brush my teeth and grabbed the razor instead. 
You are the worst kind of person. You don't get invited out much do you? newlinechar  newlinechar She has health issues normally not seen in younger people because of malnutrition. Get over it dude. newlinechar  newlinechar You are nitpicking over every molecule of the doctors statement. What about the 30 miles of noodles?? Not 29.8 miles?? Not 29.99??? How will we ever know the exact amount??	If I had to guess, this guy might be on the same diet and is angry to learn it's unhealthy to eat nothing but carbs and salt 100 percent of the time. 
Mike was still a supporting character though, Jesse is the most important character in the show besides Walt. He's been there since episode 1. 	Doesn't mean he can't die. 
What does the U stand for?	Undecided, but I've also seen it standing for unidentified. 
[](/abaww)Its weird because when Im in the mood to run into you, youre never there! newlinechar  newlinechar [](/sp)[](/abfun)Hey, we should hang out!	[](/raridance)Let us dance!!
Might be code words?	Run off the cage and ninja his ass!
I get you but you don't think the official report on 9/11 was a little shady? Like atleast a little shady.	Do you mean the 9/11 Commission Report? 
More of a bench guy?	I honestly don't think he projects entirely well at the major league level. He seems very much like a guy who does very well at AAA but would fail at the majors. AAAA. Like Corey Brown. 
I am in the US.  I would also venture to say that most people are convicted of a statute in their state, not a federal crime.  newlinechar  newlinechar There are certain cases where the state will prosecute. Drugs is a perfect example. Look at court proceedings and you will see the sate listed as the plaintiff. Same goes for domestic violence and murder.  However, the state does not assume the plaintiffs role for all types of crime. Only the biggies.  newlinechar  newlinechar Things can vary from state to state. In my state, if you get punched in the face right in front of a cop, but decline to prosecute, guess what happens? Nothing.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 	What state are you in? I strongly suspect you are incorrect. As far as I know, there are no jurisdictions in the US in which the victim's assent is necessary as you suggest. I am also quite sure you are incorrect that an individual will ever be the plaintiff in a criminal action. It is inherent to the nature of a criminal prosecution that the state must be the one prosecuting. At least under modern American law. 
 Oh I wasn't comparing squads at all. I'm just saying they've had a better window than us.	Have they though? They haven't addressed their weaknesses, just like we haven't. But they need to address them a whole lot more than we do. We only need 1 central midfielder while they need at least 3 more players. newlinechar  newlinechar I suppose both clubs have had a bad summer window.
I like em! :)	:D 
76131	76132
Why are you around your ex face to face?	School. And the fact that there's only one mall in my town and that's where everyone goes on the weekends.
Apparently some guy in the comments went to school with him or something and he said that he ended up spraining his spine but is in good health now	Thank goodness. Harsh lesson but if he can live his life in good health, chalk that up to a learning experience for everyone.
Just because something has gone on for a long time does not mean it's a positive benefit.  newlinechar  newlinechar Additionally, in this case, there is no liquidity increase. The buy order isn't placed unless there's a corresponding higher sell order to sell to. Thus the only difference from a direct change is the introduction of a parasitical middle-man. To claim otherwise is either to lie or to be taken in by a lie. 	*The buy order isn't placed unless there's a corresponding higher sell order to sell to* newlinechar  newlinechar This is how spreads get narrowed and liquidity becomes deeper. It doesn't need to sit on an exchange order book to count as economically valuable. The positive effects are real and measurable. newlinechar  newlinechar The act of closing the gap between buyers and sellers has been considered a good thing for centuries... it's econ 101 and is backed by both theory and data. When did this suddenly become a bad thing? Oh right, because HFT is scary.
The two centres I'd take over Shaq are Kareem and Hakeem, and I think I'd take Magic over him too. Possibly also Larry Bird and maybe LeBron.	I don't think you could justify taking Larry Bird. He was the 6th pick when he was drafted. Also, based on their college statistics and potential as a prospect, Shaq would definitely go over Hakeem too.
IGN: xxNiqqaaaxx1337leet newlinechar  newlinechar Age: 7 newlinechar  newlinechar Relationship with our members: We fuk sumtin newlinechar Are you up for a 1v1? Y/N Yeah boy id woop u all knahhmean ezfaction 	Denied, be more original with your application please.
Wow, you have a crystal ball there or something?	Yeah that was pretty impressive if he called it before his first home run.
It looks as if this isn't true. newlinechar http://eruditechick.tumblr.com/post/55498839908/this-is-disgusting	I would have to agree with you. I can't find any (public) case records with these names, nor any reliable sources with these names.  newlinechar  newlinechar However, this sort of incident exists. http://www.lawlink.com/research/caselevel3/74059 Nathaniel J 15 years old, has a child with a woman 34 years old,  forced to pay child support. You can find records of this decision with the case number. I suspect someone heard about this case, wanted to reblog it for views but forgot the names, and then made up different names and reblogged it.
Oh honey, I know. I was an opiate user for almost a decade. IV heroin user for 3 years. Withdrawals are no mystery to me lol. 	i was a 16 year addict and it got me by surprise about a year ago. i didn't take any sub in like 2 days but i felt ok-good even. so when my sub guy called, i said 'nah-i'm good'. well, my sons came over that weekend and by saturday morning i was in full wd. i had to call my dude and be like 'u gotta come through. these guys are gonna be up wanting to play in an hour and i can't get off the toilet'. luckily he's a good guy and came over and straightened me out.
I ran a script on Autohotkey: newlinechar  newlinechar #Persistent newlinechar SetTimer, PressTheKey, 500 newlinechar Return newlinechar  newlinechar PressTheKey: newlinechar Send, {Numpad0} newlinechar Return newlinechar  newlinechar which hits numpad 0 every half a second. Got into my server automatically while sitting on my bed watching suits in my other screen in about 15 minutes. newlinechar 	Does the popup for queue get closed by pressing 0?
1101 0100 1111	1101 0101 0000
DONT JYNX US YET!!! IT'S STILL THE FIRST GAME!!!	I assure you, if I had the power to change the fate of LSU football, I would have used it by now.
Yeah man, I had a friend in college that slept with a few young-looking 18 year olds, chatted with him the other day and now hes unemployed with a 12yo rape habit. newlinechar  newlinechar Damn gateway girls!	Yes, quite hilarious. newlinechar  newlinechar Obviously, or at least it should have been that the age gap would be significently larger than that. There is a big difference between sleeping with young looking 18 year olds when you're in college to being 30 and looking for barely legal girls online.
None needed, really. That's Peyton Manning after taking his helmet off on a cold day during practice. The black thing keeps him warm. No forehead needed because it's covered by the helmet.  newlinechar  newlinechar tl;dr he looks funny	I expected more of you, /r/nfl!
my 15 year old self would have a similar reaction, especially the skeeved part about sex before marriage.  newlinechar  newlinechar Also, what sort of cute animals do you get to work with?	Well i'm almost graduated with a major in animal behavior, but I've interned with Maryland wildlife at a wildlife rehab center (squirrels, birds, bats, mostly), I interned at a zoo as an exotic bird intern and I recently got back from studying abroad in Africa. I did research on wildebeest and I also train monkeys. Squirrel monkeys. They're adorable. 
Formerly employed by reddit. Alexis Ohanian actually uses the reddit-cofounder tag instead.	Fuck, you're answering these questions left and right. Top job, man.
Then why not make an empty can? 	Because the average joe will buy them and drink them too.  If you make just the can, then *only* collectors will buy them.
'Only 40'... still plenty fast enough to get yourself killed.	I rear ended someone at ~25 MPH (not in a MINI) and did $12,000 worth of damage to the car. Luckily walked away with just whiplash but seeing the consequences of a 'low-speed' accident makes you shudder to think what would happen at highway speeds...
Tennessee Christian represent! Yeah., I'm sure those numbers are higher in Tennessee, but I'm not sure by how much.	If you're in Nashville, significantly.
I can't believe he would get something like that wrong. What a little piece of shit.	Actually though, king Jackson was terrible. Worst president on money for sure.
So the jazz played faster than the suns? I was going more for the point of the suns don't really focus on defense because they focus on getting as many baskets as possible. They don't win by stopping you, they win by straight up out scoring you. I don't think Utah played this way, ESP in late 90s because of the age of their key players, I could be wrong though because I haven't seen every single Utah game from the 90s	I mean the Jazz had a way of controlling the game tempo, so the Suns may not have been able to run their offense as fast as they were used to against the Jazz.
*roll credits* newlinechar  newlinechar That one was no fun.	I'm sorry :c
It's a lot of things regarding the history of the original construction, the 1993 and 2001 attacks, and the reconstruction. There's some really interesting stuff, crushed taxis, fire trucks, and ambulances, the 'survivors stair' (a nearly intact staircase where the last survivors were seen exiting the site before the collapse), the last column removed from the clean up efforts. The architecture of it is really powerful too, the entry sequence is this large undulating ramp that slowly exposes the huge 80 foot high ceiling main gallery space. The footprints of the original towers then descend into this huge space in the form of huge aluminum blocks and shelter more gallery spaces, I'll dig up pictures if you're interested. 	definitely interested
Hue	Saturation 
Oh man, I feel bad for anyone who has to watch a series via this kind of service. Be thankful you're not in Australia where the similar service is so terrible that people usually wait around 3-4 months to finish a season, and sometimes a disc will be skipped, so instead of getting disc 3, you got disc 4. How useless it that for you? Quickflix is a piece of shit.	The mailman came right after pizza was delivered.  It was like door to door dinner and a movie.  I take back my cunt.  
Eh I think the 300c looks terrible. It's funny though because the second part of your comment outlines the exact demographic these kinds of cars are marketed to. newlinechar  newlinechar Also keep in mind Detroit is bankrupt because of america's miserable auto industry.	Cars just don't interest me. I just want it to work with the least possible cost and look okay. 
Unfortunately KSP bottlenecks in the CPU, Unity only processes on a single core at a time so despite how fancy our computers are getting we can't utilise the physics processing fast enough. newlinechar  newlinechar Oh I wish for the day hyper threading occurs, some of my spacestations might actually be useful if I can use 11 more cores :(	That's a shame, 3 bored processors and one getting its ass kicked. It seems like enough of an issue to get on squad's radar, is it ultra difficult to even approach the problem? I would love the physics to offload onto some of my extra graphics processing, or, like I said, a whole freaking stack of xeon phi cards whirring away (at ~$4k a pop lol). newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: hey they're on [sale!](http://www.serversdirect.com/Components/GPU_Cards/id-7120P/Intel_Xeon_Phi_Coprocessor_7120P_16GB_1_238GHz_61_cores_300W?gclid=CJfUr-KFqbkCFUyi4AodTGsArw)
Yes. Its Jecht's sword	looks more like this one, http://finalfantasy.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_Final_Fantasy_X_Weapons?file=FFX_Weapon_-_Sword_1.png newlinechar  newlinechar which is stil FFX, just not Jecht's Sword
wyschnei comment brought to you by John Deere	CTeam19 comment, brought to you by Farmers Mutual.
The Planet Fitness I go to has free weights and machines. 	Ditto. 
That's her basic attitude. She was telling me about it on the phone and says to me 'I don't want to be normal, being normal is boring and if you're popular you can never relax and be happy cos you're always worried about what people think. I just want to be silly and happy and make people laugh' newlinechar  newlinechar I was like can you travel back in time and talk to my 11 year old self please? She's an excellent kid. 	She sounds like my kind of person. Tell her to keep up the good work. It's the weird people who always end up with the best ideas.
Is it a non functioning whistle? Because that's obviously supposed to be one. 	I think it might be slide whistle.
Like. How am I supposed to read this? My time preference says no. (It's a joke) newlinechar  newlinechar Anyways... Do you have any excerpts from it that are particularly strong for the capitalist position? I'm assuming you've read it in entirety if you're declaring it crushes anti-Capitalism, so this shouldn't be a problem.	I didn't bother reading the actual paper(s). But I looked through the Table of Contents, and it seems to be purely an economic paper. So anti-capitalist (by the classical definition of socialism) won't find too much in here that will startle them. newlinechar  newlinechar But I am also curious to know what elements of this paper is *supposed* to crush anti-capitalists.
Missing the zone a lot so far.	eek
You'll watch this movie, love it, and swear up and down the entire time that the old white guy has got to be Dustin Hoffman or his long lost twin. It's uncanny! 	OH MY GOD YES. I'm not the only one who thinks this!
Pretty much everything by Blind Guardian is about fictional character. *Nightfall in Middle-Earth* was based on the Silmarilion and *And then there was silence* is based on the Illiad for example.	True, true... almost all songs are based on books. The Maiden and the Minstrel Knight is based on Tristan and Isolde,  Dune (Traveler in Time), Blade Runner (Time What is Time), Dark Tower (Somewhere Far Beyond), Illiad, Peter Pan... newlinechar  newlinechar Long story short... Blind Guardian is pretty awesome (my fav band to be honest)
I assumed it was a frog's tongue. 	Nope. It's supposed to represent the fact that horny toads shoot blood from their eyes as a defense mechanism. One of those things you learn in 3rd grade biology in Texas.
I sincerely hope it does. Seriously who the fuck asked for a second sequel? People don't even like the 13 cast all that much--certainly not enough to warrant a third game. 	For some reason, Toriyama gained a lot of influence within SE and they let him do whatever he wanted for an entire console generation. Additionally, they've been reusing a lot of assets with the XIII games which has helped SE during this difficult financial time for them.
Dude, get a bigger overflow. I have the same brand overflow, but in a larger size...... And mine is on a much smaller aquarium. Your pump is rated for a max of almost 1000 gallons per hour, and the overflow you want to use is only rated for 300. Why would you only want to use a THIRD of the power of your return pump? If you're going to do that, you might as well save money on a smaller pump too. newlinechar  newlinechar My advice, keep the pump, and go with the [1000 instead.](http://www.amazon.com/Eshopps-AEO11010-Overflow-Pf-1000-Aquarium/dp/B001K5K8TW/ref=sr_1_1?s=pet-supplies&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1377996393&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=Eshopps+PF-1000) You'll actually be able to turn your return pump all the way up, and get most usage over both pieces of equipment. Plus, you want that sucker to go as high as you can get it. A higher turnover on a tank that size would be a good thing. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, don't forget to clean your filter sock at least twice a week. They get dirty quick, and if you don't keep them clean, they'll cause problems.	High turnover on a tank is good. But not completely through the sump. You only want your flow through the sump to be equal to or slightly above your protein skimmer rate.  newlinechar  newlinechar Sumps usually are 5-10 times turnover which for this is 250-500gph. 300gph sump is on the low end but op could upgrade it to the next one and downsize their return pump to 600gph (headloss will reduce it to about 300gph depending on the pump) 
Which other dude?	/u/aryst0krat newlinechar  newlinechar And how'd you find this thread? newlinechar  newlinechar I found it through an ask reddit thread asking about 'great reddit moments'. One top comment detailed the hundred pushups training program, and eventually this thread was linked to! I found this thread at the 'seven months ago' mark, and then crawled my way forward, sometimes simply clicking 'see more comments' and other times clicking on the usernames and looking into their recent history to jump ahead in this comment chain.
[](/raridance)Let us dance!!	[](/rod) too hot to dance, think of something else..
After living together for a while, I just can't help it anymore! He certainly has his fair share of nastiness too, so I think we're at least equal by now!	how long were you together before you started playing the old trombone?
So dark: a boy scout, a talking dog, a lonely man....   newlinechar   A deep dark evil vein runs through that film.	No! newlinechar  newlinechar The old mans story!  newlinechar  newlinechar It's so sad! Watch the opening sequence. It's a life with so much missing!
he posts his own stuff, and only his own stuff. Reddiquette rules.	But he keeps the comment to post ratio necessary, you don't NEED to post other's work.
I love juicy business drama. How'd they do it? 	In mine they were in cardboard boxes
Same! That recipe sounds poppin though. You gotta link?	I'm afraid it's lost in time, at least for another hour or so.  I'll see if anyone in my family has it.
me too.. I kinda wish he promoted his clothes brand too.  newlinechar  newlinechar Also, does he smoke? newlinechar  newlinechar Where does he like to cum?  newlinechar  newlinechar Should people mess with him? newlinechar  newlinechar These are the things I ponder...  newlinechar 	Does he ever use codeine or promethazine? His music doesn't give me any information on the topic. 
I find females in boxers to be really dang attractive.	But those AJ ones on Rarity do not match her colors *at all*.
Yay! Are you still a jerkbag?	I'm an even bigger one :)
Oh whoah, do gingers not usually have arm hair? Personally I am pretty fascinated about any hair that is not my own color, it's so different and excitingly colorful. If my hair was the color of fire I would be so excited all day. You mention India, you travelled there? Sounds exciting.	&gt;Oh whoah, do gingers not usually have arm hair? newlinechar  newlinechar I've never met any who had. I'm ... well, not really ginger, but I have red hair and almost zero hair in most places. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;You mention India, you travelled there? Sounds exciting. newlinechar  newlinechar Yes, visited some family friends and used their house as a base for backpacking in the surrounding areas. It was just six weeks, but the country is great. Very, very friendly people.
Ramen was free:  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/1lh8s8/im_curious_and_terrified_to_find_out/cbzbzoj	Oh, I'm sorry.
ECB	ECC
What a coincidence, I just got done watching [this video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FyG_fGpNgmU). newlinechar  newlinechar After watching that video, my suggestion is to not stop in the middle of the road for anyone or anything.	Rofl. That lady at the end.. 'CAN'T YOU SEE THIS IS A FUNERAL PROCESSION? GOD FORBID!' I can barely breathe right now. But seriously, though, that guy was really lucky and also smart enough to stop on the shoulder. Never know when shit like this can happen.
I might be wrong, but, I believe one of his quotes says that thresh took his good half.(too lazy to look up). So, I think Senna was the better of the two.	That's just how men refer to long time wives
Somebody is into necrophilia...	The trick is microwaving some raw chicken livers, then filling the vagina cavity with them. Gives a very realistic feel. Just don't get them too hot. Wouldn't wanna burn your dinger!
25, on 2nd.	Well damn lol happy early b-day to you sir ;)
Gooby, pls	Is smells only smells
They are very friendly. I haven't been there in a while and need to go again soon.	I call brodate.  Or meetup.  One of the two.
[](/hiflutters)Absolutely.	[](/hiapplejack)Cool. Zirc why is upgraded house internet worse than the previous cheaper version? 
Did the poster forget that Tebow is horrible?  People hated him not for religion, but because he was a middle of the road qb who had a rabid fan base for no reason other than he prayed on the field 	pretty sure she could confuse a walrus for a football.
what kind of eyebrow help do you need?	Mostly with blending. I can't get that soft natural look-it always feels too dark a harsh. Maybe I'm using the wrong color? A natural brown shade looked too dark and a dark blonde looked too red-orange. I'm using pencils. And am very new to filling my brows. 
You don't own a single sweatshirt? How is that possible? I have like 50.	I have a hoody and a zip up jacket.  newlinechar  newlinechar I also have my old Fire Department Turn out jacket and a Parka. No sweatshirt though.
I'm actually disappointed that they changed this part of the story. The Devil's Snare puzzle should have shown that Hermione sometimes can't think straight in a panic, but she excels well when she gets time to think. It's better character development.	'If only I had some wood, I could make a campfire!' newlinechar  newlinechar 'ARE YOU A WITCH OR NOT???????'  newlinechar  newlinechar (Something like that)
You should know.  I'm sure people are making deals for kids on SR often.	Well I think silk road is just for drugs, that being said, I've never actually been there. 
Start &gt; Run &gt; services.msc newlinechar  newlinechar Scroll down to WinHTTPAutoProxySvc and double-click it. Select 'Stop', set it to manual, click OK. newlinechar  newlinechar Back in Task Scheduler, goto Task Scheduler Library &gt; Microsoft &gt; Windows. Expand that, look underneath for a WinHTTP etc folder, or just Web proxy... etc. See if there are any tasks you can disable.	I wish I could upvote you more for your spectacular troubleshooting on this. Well done, sir.
Of course I am. Just don't let anyone else know.	OK. We'll just keep it between us Floridians. ;)
&gt;Similarly the moral fact that if killing is wrong, then killing your brother is wrong, is objective because it does not depend for its truth on your or my beliefs. newlinechar  newlinechar Wouldn't the 'moral fact' be 'killing is wrong', and not 'if... then killing your brother is wrong'? The latter just seems like a logical conclusion to the former.  newlinechar  newlinechar At the very least, the latter doesn't seem like a moral fact any more than 'if [combination of chemicals found in farts] are smelly, then farts are smelly' is a 'stink fact'. That is, it's true, but it seems misleading to label it a 'stink fact' because it's worded in such a way that you literally cannot reasonably deny that 'stink facts' exist. And yet, when people deny the existence of 'moral facts', it seems like they're addressing something slightly different.	The phrase you need is *direct moral facts*. Direct moral facts are facts which entail the existence of first order moral properties. An example is 'you ought to prevent some bad events'
Okay, I gotta ask. When do you get whatever it is that makes it so you can sit by the town's tree?	You can sit by the town tree after I believe 50 days since starting the game and becoming mayor. 
Yep I absolutely could, I've just seen it done in a few other episode discussion threads such as /r/naruto which I find convenient and I just thought I would suggest it here.	we don't allow torrents or DDL links in the subreddit.
You know that 5 over is immediately dismissed as improper equipment? And therefore cops pretty much as a rule don't even bother with them? So were your tickets for literally 5 over or figuratively 5 over?	The first was 7 over, and he gave me 5. The Second &gt;I&lt; know I was going 5 over, and he gave me a 'failure to obey highway sign' ticket without the speed. And the last one was a 40 in a 35. 
What do you want to be when you are older ? newlinechar 	I want to become three things, a doctor, a DJ and a videographer :)
Why?  He killed a lot of people and based on his skill those weren't his first. Also, we know he was a crooked Philly cop. 	Who cares if he murdered people he was nice to his niece!
I didn't watch the show, but i bet the sharpys you are thinking of are the new robe pointe fixtures.	You are most Likely correct.  Thank you both.  newlinechar  newlinechar If you where to give your best estimate how long do you think a setup like this would take. And how ling to program. 
&gt;Damiana, JWH-018 newlinechar  newlinechar Really, will that help?	It will make sure people know what is in each blend. A concentration listing ( ie. 100mg JWH-018 per 1g leaf or something) would help as well. But putting a warning label on it isn't going to stop anyone.  newlinechar  newlinechar Do you think anyone goes to buy a pack of cigarettes or a bottle of booze and decides to not consume it because of the warning on the side? People are going to do it regardless, might as well give them the name of the drug that they're consuming so the smart ones at least CAN do research on it before they consume it. ATM it's just a crapshoot, if you buy an herbal blend, you might have a general idea based on what is currently legal what is in it, but you can't be sure what it is nor can you be sure about the concentration.
[](/tiashrug)Hmmm. Sweet does sound awfully tempting. newlinechar  newlinechar But given that I failed at spelling sweet a few times there, perhaps I should stop for the evening. I am expected to be slightly operational tomorrow.	&gt; But given that I failed at spelling sweet a few times there, perhaps I should stop for the evening. I am expected to be slightly operational tomorrow. newlinechar  newlinechar Flippin' casual! Everybody knows 'sweet' is particularly hard to spell anyway.
Holy shit was that Jackson 2012 I remember that 	I went in 2011, Echo 3-13
I too would fuck a mythical library.	there's just so much to learn!
Confirmed actions for this skirmish: newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar   \#72 NaughtyPenguin (Periwinkle): **attack with 24 infantry** (effective: 24, for above: 24) Victor: **Orangered** by 96 for **261 VP** newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;  \#100 toworn (Periwinkle): **support with 30 ranged** (effective: 30, for above: 45) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 87 for **56 VP** newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;&gt;  \#110 weeblewobble82 (Orangered): **oppose with 16 infantry** (effective: 16, for above: 24) Victor: **Orangered** by 5 for **39 VP** newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;&gt;&gt;  \#122 Sushieatinbeast (Periwinkle): **oppose with 10 ranged** (effective: 10, for above: 5) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 22 for **0 VP** newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#145 TheZippy49 (Periwinkle): **support with 8 cavalry** (effective: 8, for above: 12)  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;&gt;&gt;  \#125 weeblewobble82 (Orangered): **support with 17 ranged** (effective: 17, for above: 25) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 1 for **17 VP** newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#128 Sushieatinbeast (Periwinkle): **oppose with 12 infantry** (effective: 12, for above: 18)  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;&gt;  \#124 redis213 (Periwinkle): **support with 12 cavalry** (effective: 12, for above: 18) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 43 for **12 VP** newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;&gt;&gt;  \#132 weeblewobble82 (Orangered): **oppose with 12 ranged** (effective: 12, for above: 18)  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#146 TheZippy49 (Periwinkle): **oppose with 8 infantry** (effective: 8, for above: 12)  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;&gt;&gt;  \#149 redis213 (Periwinkle): **support with 18 infantry** (effective: 18, for above: 27) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 21 for **0 VP** newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#180 redis213 (Periwinkle): **support with 2 ranged** (effective: 2, for above: 3)  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;  \#109 weeblewobble82 (Orangered): **oppose with 16 cavalry** (effective: 16, for above: 24) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 18 for **16 VP** newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;&gt;  \#126 Sushieatinbeast (Periwinkle): **oppose with 12 infantry** (effective: 12, for above: 6) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 27 for **0 VP** newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;&gt;&gt;  \#144 TheZippy49 (Periwinkle): **support with 7 cavalry** (effective: 7, for above: 3)  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;&gt;&gt;  \#150 redis213 (Periwinkle): **support with 8 ranged** (effective: 8, for above: 12)  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;&gt;  \#187 meshugganah (Periwinkle): **oppose with 14 ranged** (effective: 14, for above: 21)  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;  \#123 redis213 (Periwinkle): **support with 12 ranged** (effective: 12, for above: 18) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 12 for **18 VP** newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;&gt;  \#127 weeblewobble82 (Orangered): **oppose with 12 infantry** (effective: 12, for above: 18)  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;&gt;&gt;  \#130 Sushieatinbeast (Periwinkle): **oppose with 8 cavalry** (effective: 8, for above: 12) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 8 for **6 VP** newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#140 joester123 (Orangered): **oppose with 6 ranged** (effective: 6, for above: 9)  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  \#157 TheZippy49 (Periwinkle): **oppose with 4 infantry** (effective: 4, for above: 6)  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;  \#148 greyavenger (Orangered): **oppose with 26 cavalry** (effective: 26, for above: 39) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 1 for **26 VP** newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;&gt;  \#153 TheZippy49 (Periwinkle): **oppose with 18 ranged** (effective: 18, for above: 27)  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;  \#188 meshugganah (Periwinkle): **support with 20 ranged** (effective: 20, for above: 30)  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;  \#203 fatelaking (Orangered): **oppose with 1 infantry** (effective: 1, for above: 1) Victor: **Periwinkle** by 3 for **1 VP** newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;&gt;  \#206 tiercel (Periwinkle): **oppose with 2 cavalry** (effective: 2, for above: 3)  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;&gt;  \#215 redis213 (Periwinkle): **oppose with 1 cavalry** (effective: 1, for above: 1)  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;  \#209 orangeredNinja (Orangered): **oppose with 200 cavalry** (effective: 200, for above: 300) Victor: **Orangered** by 199 for **1 VP** newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;&gt;  \#211 myductape (Periwinkle): **oppose with 1 ranged** (effective: 1, for above: 1) 	&gt; oppose with 1 cavalry
DotA. CS. newlinechar  newlinechar All ya LoL players need to brush up on ya history. 	It was one guy that wrote that. Not all LoL players
That's really old and overused though. 	Downvotes or not, you're right. This is way overused. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: When I posted this, the comment above had 16 up and 17 down .. [I feel I've done some good here.](http://i.imgur.com/myoM6qO.gif)
I don't even know where they are at, and this is the first time i have ever heard of this school. Are they even division 1?	McNeese State Cowboys are located in Lake Charles, LA and they have a long competitive history in 1-AA football. 
I asked but he said he was too busy to watch a movie with me. 	That sucks. He's missing out.
There's been a lot less of these quest lines in the last 2 expansion. Quest lines that you don't have to do to do the zone, but are long, and epic and off the beaten path, journeys that end in a nice piece of loot (instead we just get that nice piece of loot for doing the zone quests)	The rhea questline was kind of like one of these quests.
He is also stupidly overrated.	I think he's a good player. My issue isn't how good he is, it's that United fans moan about not signing him when they don't even know where he plays. newlinechar  newlinechar 'Why didn't Moyes sign Eriksen, he would be the perfect solution to our midfield' or as the poster above said, 'especially seeing as Scholes left.' newlinechar  newlinechar Erm. No, no he wouldn't.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9uToB0vwJA	Despite the fact that it's a YouTube link, I was still terrified to click...
I am 18 and I never got one yet^foreveralone:(	*internet kissies*
this is an anti-choice post. wrong community?	further the premisse is seriously flawed. newlinechar  newlinechar i didn't consent to being born. nor did anyone alive. did all our parents deny us our rights by not asking us first? newlinechar  newlinechar what about the thousands if not millions if not BILLIONS who was denied a chance for a life, even a life of suffering who were willing to bear that suffering to enjoy life itself? newlinechar  newlinechar i'm sorry but it's simply not possible to judge the value of potential life like that. it is impossible to know what an unborns feelings about being born is. we can however know the feelings of the parent. so that is who we should consider.
[Here ya go!](http://i.minus.com/iAHTD2NJkSp6r.gif) newlinechar It was in my post history.	I didn't even think to check your history. You can be sure I will now! Thanks! And keep up the good work, just as you've kept up my... Well, you get the point.
If you're trying to imply that the growth of League has caused this than you're really misguided. This is becoming the most upvoted comment in almost every negative news thread recently and it's just not accurate. newlinechar  newlinechar If LoL wasn't around, these organisations would be leaving the industry entirely. League's success doesn't change the fact that Korean interest in SC2 is declining. I am stunned that people are still clinging on to this idea that LoL is responsible for SC2's decline in Korea as if eSports is some kind of zero-sum game where growth in one game has to be met by decline in another. newlinechar  newlinechar I'd agree with you in that growth of other eSports don't necessarily help SC2 but the growth of League hasn't negatively impacted SC2 in any significant way. newlinechar  newlinechar StarCraft in Korea is largely responsible for its own decline.	If it wasn't lol, it would have been some other game that killed sc2 in korea. Sc2 peaked interests across the board, but lost it due to high specs, lack of free model for home play and stuff like that. Contrary to popular beliefs, most peoples home pcs in korea suck
I've no interest in Hitler, or his quotes. Clearly, you do.	I really don't to be honest, I didn't go searching for the first quote I posted, I stumbled upon it on the front page. I just really want you to be more open-minded... We have enough close minded people, and a lot of them are crazy christians or huge racists, there's no need for more.
I always got the impression that AMG operated more like a skunkworks whereas the M division operated more like a traditional engineering firm.  That is to say that M cars are designed to be uncompromising speed machine with all the comfort and practicality you'd expect from a luxury sedan, whereas AMG's primary goal was to make cars that are Awesome with a capital A even if that means sacrificing in other areas (ride comfort comes to mind).	Lol, my 328 convertible isn't a comfortable ride. Low profile tires + runflats + sports package is anything but comfortable. So I don't think the m3 is a comfortable car, the new 3 series isn't as rough though. 
There is still a tactical view. 	I fear it will be little more than a dodgy camera angle. If the enemies can be defeated in real time with ease then tactical view and setting up attacks seems pointless. Sort of like if 99 knights had a tactical view, what would be the point? The attacks are interchangeable and meaningless. I hope this isn't the case for dragon age and they figure out a way to make combat interesting through varied attacks which actually do different things and through stellar enemy ai. In my personal opinion I think we will just end up with Dragon Age 2 but with more bells and whistles, I hope not though. I don't want one 'press X repeatedly to win' move, I want different moves for different situations, where poor choice of move and poor timing lead to being punished. I also really don't want combos, or 'chain' attacks. Never has there been an action/rpg game with combos which doesn't feel like a button masher. 
[](/pretzelfilly) Yup. You, iTeriboo, Al, and Zimmer newlinechar  newlinechar [](/pretzelnom) I wish i knew stuff about computers	[](/tdsleep)I should probably head off to bed now. newlinechar  newlinechar Goodnight! Talk to you again whenever that may be.
But he's thrifty and has excellent taste.  Enjoying some Admiral right now myself	True, but the problem is that now we're out of rum and he's too much of a pussy to drive me to the store.
I can't remember if it was good luck or bad luck...	The stache was bad luck. This is a full on beard! 
Nah man. I can't wait to hit up college :D 	Probably needed - DrFraser was referring to being in school for 19 years, not being 19 and finishing school (like high school). newlinechar  newlinechar I kid, good luck! I started my career at Grenfell, though had to go to St. John's campus to finish (Applied Math/Physics). Loved my time there. Hung out with Fine arts people all the time, curiously enough, lots of fun. 
And the way they shake, it's enough to kill a snake!	Fuck did I walk into? A goddam Cub Scout jambofuckingree??
Little bit of a shameless plug, but we had Steve Stevens out to our JamPlay studios recently. He did a handful of lessons, including 4 Billy Idol tunes. newlinechar  newlinechar His Lessons: http://www.jamplay.com/teachers/80-steve-stevens (1st one is free) newlinechar  newlinechar Our interview with Steve: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTzZJFjoLlI	That's worth it just to watch his fingers.  More plugs = ok in my book :)
In other news, the Mafia held a trial today to see if they were involved in racketeering. In a shocking turn of events, they found themselves, not guilty... 	Someone doesn't understand the concept of a jury...
How many stories would you publish a month? 	Ideally? You can do 10-15 without stressing yourself overmuch. Theoretically, you can do one every single day, but in practice I find that it's much easier when you have two days.
The same exact thing except you are asking the question and I'm answering it.	Hey me too. cheers fucker!
if i had an extra mountain bike i would trade you. check out toledo free ride on face book they are a toloedo based mountain bike group.	cant spell toledo in the toledo sub.
I dont know what part of california your'e in, but Martin B Retting In Los Angels, had some HK Carbines in 45 last time i was in there, they are a superb firearm.	Yeah, I'm up near Sacramento.  Those USC HK's sure look sweet, and I do love my dad's 5.56 and 7.62 HK rifles, but I'm not sure if I can get my hands on one for a reasonable price.  It looks like they have been discontinued. newlinechar  newlinechar 
It did need to be done. They should have been microUSB from the gate. 	Wasn't around ten years ago when Apple made the port, everyone used their own proprietary one, and changed it almost every year. 
Then I ran around with like 100 quail following me.	Did you eat them?
Oh my god. 8 AM me decided on a phone company over a networking company.	  #closeenough
I don't find doing pointless things fun. The combat in Oblivion and Skyrim was slightly better, but it was still bad combat compared to other games. None of the quests were fun because the game played them for me with the quest compass, telling me where to go and what to do, and in Oblivion, everything was scaled so there was no sense of progression or achievement. The only 'fun' things were within the first few hours of playing going through dungeons and playing with physics, before you realized that there were 200 dungeons all made by the same poor bastard and most of them pointless. newlinechar  newlinechar Finding a dungeon in Morrowind felt important because there were far fewer of them, and each one told a story, and they were NOT pointed out to you by a stupid compass 10 minutes before you're in sight range of them.  newlinechar  newlinechar I got EMOTION from Morrowind. The game was so well written, the world so well built, that you could get entirely sucked into it. Oblivion and Skyrim are riddled with awful hackey writing that pulls you out constantly, like a cheesey big budget summer movie. Oh you start the tutorial finding out you're the chosen one? Well, not really the chosen one, you've got destiny, you're chosen to... be the chosen one's errand boy. Okay that's...cool I guess? Must defend against this horrible civil war and daedra invasion that... no one else seems to care about, and except for portals appearing in the woods now and then, there's no evidence of any impending threat...  newlinechar  newlinechar Eck, just such a poorly realized game.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Basically what you're saying is, you like Skyrim's combat. And that is enough to call the game better than Morrowind. That just sounds absurd to me. If Skyrim had really great combat, that'd be one thing, but combat is often the most criticized part of Skyrim.	Obligatory 'turn the fucking compass off' and 'stop bitching about how it ruins *your* fun.' newlinechar  newlinechar Sorry. 
It's Sheila, she's the cutest.	Yea but Davontay is a cut-throat.
think this view is too narrow, tons of fw pilots who come out thinking they're good at pvp but are actually v bad and dont know how to fly anything bigger than a cruiser	That is undoubtedly true. Not everyone is going to be any good at anything there is to do out there. newlinechar  newlinechar However, if you've figured out the basics of flying a ship solo or in a small gang, you're well ahead of the average pilot.  newlinechar  newlinechar Now, nullsec pilots who come out of some sov holding alliance where they rarely get a roaming fleet and only see pvp action when home defense fleets are up... all they've learned is how to lock a primary and follow an anchor. Individual skill is replaced by following fc commands. newlinechar  newlinechar I know which of the two I would rather have in my fleets. Eventually you get pilots who are good at all of it, of course, but they get there faster in smaller pvp or in pvp alliances that are always offensively focused (typically those who hole up in NPC 0.0). newlinechar 
I USED to love it, I used to proclaim that 'Japan is my heaven'. Now, after 20 years existing here I am almost ready to claim that 'Japan is my hell'	Why are you still here if you hate it so much?
It really sucked, but luckily nobody was ever physically hurt. Cops were called, they hauled my dad to jail for a night because the guy didn't believe that a woman would have said that (seriously, that's exactly what happened), and then he was kicked out of his own house until they got out of the rental agreement. One of my brothers and my sister had to stay in that house for about a week before we came up with a plan to have them live somewhere else. We're all such nice people, too. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm sure nobody is actually itching to hear more and more of the story, but I hadn't thought about it in a while and it's been 'fun' to go down memory lane again.	&gt; they hauled my dad to jail for a night because the guy didn't believe that a woman would have said that newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/aGznbA1.gif
:) make love to me. Right here in the subbreddit.	Can I join in?
Well we could do that, but then we need a 3B. Or we could move Rendon there, but then we need a 2B. So basically we badly need an infielder except SS. 	Put the Rendoner at third and have Lombo and Espi fight to the death for the starting 2B spot. Or maybe someone in the minors like that Walters kid...isn't he all offense though? We're not gonna spend potential Desi/Stras/Harper cash on someone like Cano.
We totally do.  Listen, I use to think the same thing when I lived there, but we definitely do not have a non-regional accent.	can vouch. lived in Indiana for a couple years. came back to Illinois and everyone thought I was a redneck.
I don't know. Bdubs doesn't have sound. Sorry	No problem! FYI, I'm seeing 'thigh bruise' now from folks online.
That's the yellow DigiTech?	I think that's a Digitech Space Station. 
yes	:O
If you notice in the video they use wither parts for armour and his weapon is obisidian. Maybe have the wither spawn them we he gets hurt.	Eh, I dunno. The wither skeleton parts kind of imply that the brute killed them, so it'd be weird (and a bit overpowered) if wither skeletons spawned in by him. I think it's better if it was just the brute, as it's better to focus on just one larger and more challenging mob without it spawning all these other mobs to go after you.
[](/tsmyhorn) Of course I have problems with them! It's complete madness! Flammable and imflammable! **WHAT!?** ***AaaAaAAAaAAAAAgh!*** newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar [](/tsawkward) Ahem. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar [](/tsannoyed) The point is that 'literally' was a useful tool, regardless of where it came from and why it came, and why it's going. It was more useful being used to mean that something *literally* happened than as emphasis, in my opinion. Above all, there should be words to fill both niches. newlinechar  newlinechar [](/tsglare)  And *yes*, you can say 'I meant that as in it-actually-happened,' or 'for real!' or 'I'm *serious*' with a certain inflection et cetera et cetera... newlinechar  newlinechar But I want my word back! [](/tsgrr)	Are you over 200 years old? Otherwise you never even had your word in the first place!
They were so well done as characters, the first characters that I really tried to like before they got eaten, simply because I thought they were too good to get killed.... I was so wrong.	Well, they didn't get eaten...
Serbia - 'Remove kebab' NI extra morale in battles vs ottomans	kebab removal is of highest priority
Exactly this.  I once found myself in a place where legal pedestrian crossings are something like 1/2 mile apart.  Me, having arrived by train, looking for the address found myself on the wrong side of the street because the buildings don't have numbers facing the street and I'm half-way between the two crossings.   newlinechar  newlinechar So now what?  I've got got a 45 MPH street in front of me and 1000 ft to either crosswalk.  It took me 15 minutes to get to the other side because I have to walk about 1/2 mile and then 2 minutes wait to get the pedestrian cross signal.  And before I step off the curb, I have to wat for 3 cars turning against the red, and on the far side I had to wait in the street as 4 cars made right turn in front of me before someone stopped so I could go the last 15 ft to the curb.  WTF is this?   newlinechar  newlinechar Conversely, if I arrived by car and found myself in the wrong parking lot, I could have exited the parking lot, go into the center turning lane, and then into the parking lot across the street.  Done in what?  30 seconds?  1 minute? newlinechar  newlinechar 	At least we're in the first world. :/ There are places in developing countries (India and China notorously) where the road planners simply don't give a fuck. There are many instances of entire neighborhoods being surrounded on four sides by eight lane highway. Not even connecting roads, you just wander out across the freeway anytime you need to go anywhere. newlinechar 
Shhhhh.	SECRET Weapon! Gosh!
[](/tdsleep)I should probably head off to bed now. newlinechar  newlinechar Goodnight! Talk to you again whenever that may be.	[](/chibitwidash) Night night. newlinechar  newlinechar Feel free to whenever
Thank you very much! newlinechar When you say greens are you talking about leafy greens like spinach and such? (sorry I'm from a non-English speaking country so I just want to make sure I'm understanding you) newlinechar  newlinechar Are bell peppers and broccoli ok for this? newlinechar  newlinechar Also, should I use milk in the mixture or will it get soggy or strange after thawing if I do that? newlinechar  newlinechar One more thing, how should I freeze them? just put them in a freezer box straight from the oven or let them cool some/completely first? newlinechar  newlinechar Again, thank you so much for your reply :)	Yes, I meant leafy greens. Personally, I prefer something with a little more body, like chard, but spinach will work. If you're using frozen greens, defrost them and squeeze out the excess moisture first. Broccoli is another good choice, but peppers will go unpleasantly limp. newlinechar  newlinechar As for milk, I use it in scrambled eggs, but not in omelettes. It makes the eggs creamy, but reduces their structural integrity. newlinechar  newlinechar Cool your omelettes thoroughly in the refrigerator, wrap individually in plastic wrap and then freeze. That should keep the ice damage down to a minimum.
Not going to argue with that to much, but how else you going to let people know where  your business is located, without a sign.	Its the next line following 'signs, signs, everywhere a sign' from the song Signs by Five Man Electrical Band (although, in that version they say 'blocking out the scenery', 'fucking up the scenery' is from the Tesla version)
Even better!	Unidan is not a woman.
I think it's a group.	They are a build team.
The correct word there is goodly, not good.  You're welcome newlinechar 	I bad do english 2 :(
There's a difference between cut, and incomplete content. It's entirely possible the maps are done but the actual heists are not. 	Oh I don't agree with them at all I can just see why it's happening now. 
If someones says a fucking human I'm gonna die! 	a fucking human I'm gonna die!
Around 9:49, I think? (My Japanese is very bad though, so I'm going off more context clues than anything...)	I just thought that guy was drunk. newlinechar  newlinechar I don't know much about gay *or* Japanese culture...
Damn dude, are you like an NBA All-Star???????????????????????????	Clearly, he's a scientist.
When in doubt, make a dick joke.	Two dicks walk into a bar...
Why should you be able to discriminate?	Because it's my business. It belongs to me. If I'm selling something, and you're going to say the government will force me to sell my stuff to someone, then that is theft. It doesn't matter if I gain any money from it. newlinechar  newlinechar Disclaimer: If I owned a business, no, I would not discriminate at all, but I should have the right to.
while this is a great idea, that's exactly why the practice mode chatroom was created.	For people to join and stay afk all day instead of actually playing?
Backstory?	Check my other comments, just posted it.
If i remember right they said it'd cost about as much as Skin Packs usually cost. I could be wrong though.	Yeah, but it would have to be more than that if they had to pay people for using their textures.
Wow, I had a hard time finding a case that let me have 20 data drives and now I was thinking about building a second one... and possibly building my own case or using a Lian Li PC-343B load with 5 in 3 bay devices. newlinechar  newlinechar Just how stable were these? Were they able to lock the levels together so someone couldn't remove them easily?  newlinechar  newlinechar It appears that you can stack with no restrictions. newlinechar  newlinechar 	The rails system is being redesigned a little bit from what we were told -- if you've got a kid running around, I'm sure they could unlock them accidentally. It's really not something a system-conscious owner would ever have to worry about doing themselves, though. The modules can be stacked within reason (read: obvious weight limits), so if you wanted 6 boxes atop each other, you could theoretically do that. The boxes simply slide (shown in the video by Nate) down rails to connect/disconnect.
My idea is to have a gong at around 200 yards. Young kids would strive to hit it, and once they do they'll go nuts. It would be good for dates too. 	thats a bad ass idea. plus everyones going to look around and see who did it. 
[Uh..](http://i.imgur.com/AN8h781.gif)	[you must do as Ru commands](http://24.media.tumblr.com/6a3f75ebb1e29312fa9832114150f7ca/tumblr_mme96v9gNB1qlvwnco1_500.gif)
Wait, isn't that what it is? O.o	No, the deleted comment described it as putting the ramen in a sandwich bag, cooking it in the bath, and then eating it out of the sandwhich bag.
Thieving little cuties they are!	Indeed. :)
All of your posts get automatically caught up in every subreddit's spam filter, so they have to all be manually approved to be seen.	Oh ok. Thanks for mentioning it to me, I wouldn't have known otherwise.
[you](http://imgur.com/KcN5dIy)	I just realized I'm an idiot.
This. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, slightly more fundamentally, the combination of the competence to fix complex technical problems with the poor judgment not to realize that doing so once makes you personally responsible for all future technical problems nearby, from global Internet outages to underperforming toasters. newlinechar  newlinechar Also also, having the kind of personality that gets so much satisfaction from fixing such problems, building complex systems, and making everything run smoothly that you'll keep doing it in the face of management that considers you an annoying overhead, users who don't really want to use computers in the first place and see you as an appropriate outlet for their angst, idiots who can't distinguish viruses from porn, the CEO who wants a special him-only firewall exemption for _World of Warcraft_, etc., etc. newlinechar  newlinechar ...for the most part, I just assumed that I became a sysadmin because of something really, _really_ terrible I did in a past life. newlinechar  newlinechar Whiskey also helps.	What's your whiskey of choice? My go-to might be obvious, but I love a Bulleit rye every once in a while. I've yet to buy a bottle of it.
Yeah, I just started watching myself, that's where that example came from. newlinechar  newlinechar Seems to have pissed a few people off tho.	Yeah I don't get what was offensive about that post.  Not to worry though, I gave you at least 7 serial-upvotes to compensate.
[](/ccpaper)A. This was the best thing I've read about beer since ever. newlinechar  newlinechar B. I am now looking to move to the mountains. For science!	[](/brolestia) The best kind of science.
Our head coach is from Oklahoma.	That's right, I forgot they said that earlier
CLG	No offense but based off your flair I'm not sure I should believe you... Not sure if saying because fan of team, or because they actually won...
I take umbrage with this whole thing. My song about video games is only SLIGHTLY offensive!	First of all I'm like freaking out and my girlfriend is making fun of me. Second I guess I just misunderstood it all. This was the show in Dekalb at the house cafe. I know that doc Awk did cartoon but mc didn't perform with him.  newlinechar Was he just getting prepared for the show? Was Alex the woman at the merch table? Did you guys like playing for such a small venue?  newlinechar Sorry for turning this into something like an AMA but I have so many questions! Lastly, I still have the picture of all of us together and I have the poster mc chris and everyone signed hanging above my monitor so I see it whenever I play video games hahaha.  newlinechar Thanks for responding! It's nice to know you guys like to keep up with reddit and stuff. 
I'd say to get the Haunting Guize before Zhonyas	Yeah, I forgot about that. 
Same here, a little, but it's kind of annoying when you're listening very closely to what's being said. Plus, music in videos like this is nice to help inspire but it's easily used to manipulate emotion so it's a little rude.	I can definitely agree with that. 
I'm an avid OneNote user. (OneNote 2010) newlinechar  newlinechar what's new in OneNote 2013? (except full screen mode)	I'm actually talking about the standalone version of OneNote. If you go into the windows store there's a metro version of OneNote that's not part of the office suite. newlinechar  newlinechar As for OneNote 2013 I haven't used it as much but nothing incredibly substantial has changed from 2010, which in my opinion is a good thing. It still doesn't support inserting video unfortunately (or at least I haven't found a reliable way), but having built-in SkyDrive support for syncing every notebook to all of your devices is phenominal.
[Here.](http://images4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20130811054840/kingofthehill/images/a/a1/Koth_cotton_280.jpg)	Fair enough.
Did this actually happen? 	They showed it briefly early in the game. Also when I tried googling it I found an article that quoted Torii saying the Jim moonwalks in the clubhouse after big wins. 
Probably Dolphins. [](/ajbigeye)	Favorite foods to put between two pieces of bread?
i thought that was the inbound pass that you roll on the floor for the pg to pick up whenever he wants	this is also correct
Damn. I've got the 560 Ti. Funny how quick something becomes obsolete these days. I need to upgrade lol.	Shit, I remember spending around 240 for the 650 Ti at the beginning of the year, and I think it's around 150 now. It moves so damn fast!
Bloody EU3 succession crisis's. Bloody rebels.	I read the first book of a (really great) piece of collaborative 'fantasy' (not really fantasy, more historical fiction) called the Mongoliad, which features such authors as Neal Stephenson, and takes place right after the battle of Legnica. It's hugely wild and hugely entertaining, I highly recommend it.
Let's be honest, Robin Thicke's original was stupid and he claimed it to be a 'feminist' deal itself. newlinechar  newlinechar He's an idiot.	Haha. Well I liked the original song too... I did see how he may have done it to be tongue-in-cheek and kind of anti-industry. Until I saw the unrated version that is. Any ridiculing or feminist message kind of gets drowned out in tits.  newlinechar  newlinechar Even the lyrics of the original seem to indicate he's poking fun. 'He tried to domestic you but I know you're just a good girl who wants to be nasty and I want to fuck you'* newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: *Not verbatim.
[](/twicry) Por que senior, no te gusta twilight sparkle?  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar [](/sp)[](/omnom)dude...they're free....	No me gusta sus cover photos, not twilight sparkle. newlinechar  newlinechar P.S. I know they're free, I was trying to be funny.
The lbs with the Tarmac is charging $60 for a three year service plan, whereas the one with the Scott is giving a free 5 year plan	Honestly I would look more at how comprehensive the fitting service is. Owning a machine like that, you should really learn how to maintain it yourself/ you eventually just tend to do that. So for me at least, the fitting session would be more important than years of tuneup.
In the late 70s to early 80s? newlinechar  newlinechar Not really. Not enough to have a voice.	And the CIA has notoriously been lacking in oversight in the 1960's - 1990's.
i need an adult?	I AM AN ADUUUUUULT
knobs	AJAJAJAJAJAJ
Nice bike man, I got an 83 Ascot 500.  Have you done any mods to it?	I've had it for three years and almost 20,000 miles, and I'm debating getting another just like it from the same guy. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Mods: newlinechar  newlinechar * 18' VF750 Sabre front wheel and rotors newlinechar * Daytona bars newlinechar * SS brake lines newlinechar * Forks rebuilt w/ TRAC disabled, Ricor Intiminators, Race Tech springs newlinechar * Progressive rear shocks 1/4' taller than stock newlinechar * UNI filter newlinechar * Plus OEM luggage rack and crash bars for extra awesome newlinechar  newlinechar I'd like to install the Jardine slip-ons I bought, rejet the carbs, and make the matching rear wheel fit. newlinechar  newlinechar [Album](http://imgur.com/a/ozbNn)
Correct. newlinechar  newlinechar I'll try dialling it back more than I already have. Any suggestions how? We hang out with all the same friends, I'm her neighbour, etc.	Get busy. Find new hobbies and new friends to engage with, maybe start hitting the gym and take some time to travel outside your normal circles. DO NOT LIVE WITH THIS PERSON. That is asking for serious heartache. Join some new clubs on campus. If she asks why you haven't been around much, and you don't want to go into the whole thing, just say you've been super busy with school and stuff, and you hope to hang out together at a party or something, where there are other people and lots of distractions. 
Dude...Polamalu is 43	I think he just misspelled Jackie Robinson.
Are we becoming a death trap for youth talent? Not the way I want to go. 	Same. Razak and Suarez were two of our best youth players. Hopefully Lopes stays.
Fuck, you're answering these questions left and right. Top job, man.	I do try to respond to the orangereds I get whenever I can! I feel like a less successful /u/unidan (who probably just received an orangered from the username mention).
As this thread evolves, you may notice that no wannabe urban planners will jump in with comments about how shitty the layout is or how everything looks the same. The reason for this is that those assclowns reserve their bullshit for American Cities only. 	Of course you know Amsterdam, along with nearly all European cities, wasn't planned but instead evolved. You see in Europe (you know, the place where the history comes from) our towns developed from only requiring horse and carts have access. Even 100 years ago they could not fathom the requirements that are placed on them today. That would be why people aren't so down on them
Can con firm; Are materbaiting with MaYo 4 Lub right now!	Nope..  Can't say I have made a dad sandwich.. I grew up old school where kids don't talk back..  If I did my dad would be in prison for murdering me 
It should be kept that way. 	Yeah, like that's going to happen online.
M	S(nap)
Next Civ they should change Murica's leader to JFK.	UA: Seduction. Gain a diplio bonus with any civ lead by a woman, as well as with Alexander.
What's actually happening to the stick when that black residue shows up?	Usually that's just rubbing off from logos on your heads and/or cymbals.
I believe the proper term is 'the sexening'	*Ahem* 
Michael Jordan had a reputation for his trash talking. People loved it. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: [Link](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEnOf9okUdg&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=71)	I don't know how many people loved it, but he is generally considered to be a huge dick. 
&gt; Shatner a dick? You know it. He laughed when DeForest Kelley's beloved dog died and they didn't speak for 10+ years newlinechar  newlinechar Not correct. They didn't speak for two years, not ten, but Kelley always had a great deal of respect for Shatner, and he called and requested that he come see him at the hospice shortly before his death. I think that was a situation where Shatner probably did behave like a bit of an A-hole, knowing what I do about what is said to have taken place at their last visit together. But the manner by which Kelley's dog died caused Shatner to laugh, as it was a Chihuahua, and the poor little dog ran into a sprinkler as it was turning, and when it hit him in the head, he died. Shatner heard the story and laughed on impulse. I won't defend it, but there are other people out there who might have reacted similarly to that story. Personally, I don't think it's funny at all, but I'm also a real softy when it comes to animals, but not everybody is. And it's not as though Shatner isn't an animal lover, because he is. He breeds horses and he has and loves dogs. So he probably had a bad moment that Kelley understandably found hard to forgive.	&gt; laughed on impulse newlinechar  newlinechar Not gonna lie, I gave a little chuckle as I winced. 
Gotta love them pick6's.	I've never run faster in my life haha
When did this happen?	It's a video game it never happened
What do you mean the hardware to fit it? It fits just about anything, even ITX boards and boards larger than standard ATX.	I think he might mean that he doesn't have enough hardware. It could look silly with not enough filling up its cavernous expanse.
ECC	ECD
Nah, trust me. This is venting. If you've ever been a part of any game thread on any community/forum then you'll understand all the knee jerk reactions. newlinechar  newlinechar I.E. Clutchfans game threads are always filled with irrational kneejerk outbursts during Rockets games.	Well, then, I apologize. In a sense I was venting on my own because of how fucking toxic and negative this was. So, I mean, take it with a grain of salt.
Well, yeah, with like 9 engineers whaling on one sentry, that thing would be pretty damn near indestructible.	sap+demo...
I think if Assad watches that movie he will stop using chemical weapons for sure.	Only because he killed himself halfway through that piece of crap film.
could you just say who are top 8? lol i am really curious	Give me an hour.
Why do you say I'm a troll?	I think he was trying to pay you a compliment. newlinechar  newlinechar He refuses to believe that anyone could possibly be as ignorant and/or blindly partisan as your posts in this thread would suggest. newlinechar  newlinechar I'll let you have the last word.  Not so much out of civility, but because I'm not going to waste any of my time arguing with you.  There's no point.  Facts do not impress you.  Nothing will.
I almost got a swirlie but thankfully someone intervened.  If he hadn't, it definitely would have happened - they already had me up in the air and headed towards the toilet.  But I'm more confused at your skepticism that bullying exists in general.  How are you not aware that this is a huge problem?  There are anti-bullying campaigns all over the place.	Where did I doubt that bullying exists? I was just pointing out that those specific torture methods don't seem to happen nearly as much as they're portrayed in films. It's deeper than that.
Oh nice!  I'm glad that the lace is supposed to be like that. newlinechar  newlinechar As for wire width...err...I'm not sure.  I just looked it up, so I know that it is the 'diameter' of the cup.  But, I'm not sure how to make sure the wire width is okay.  The bra is tight, but none of the wires are poking into my sides or anything.  Is that what you mean?	The wire should follow your breast root. It shouldn't be too narrow (sitting on breast tissue) or too wide (empty space on the sides). If you wear the bra long enough to leave red marks you can compare the marks to your root to check the width.
You can be a performer and producer.	A performer doesn't pay another performer.  A production company pays both of them, even if one of the performers happens to own the production company.
Yea the A-10 has multiple hydraulic systems for back up. It's amazing	In the case of the one in the above picture it didn't. They got knocked out by groundfire, and she was basically flying stright down into Baghdad and switched to manual, got it under control, and flew home, balls o' steel clanging in the wind.
I'm pretty sure there's no regulation against asian carp. they are a non-endemic species and really fuck up the native populations of fish and other species in the eco system.	I am pretty sure that is the correct species, and yes, you can slaughter them all you please.  [proof](http://www.kdwpt.state.ks.us/news/Fishing/Aquatic-Nuisance-Species/Aquatic-Nuisance-Species-List/Asian-Carp)
Yeah, Socrates is as much of a sexist douche as the rest of the Greeks. Part of that dialogue's humor is that Socrates is doing to Theodota what he's teachig her to do to other people. It's actually kinda Athenian Game, lol	It totally is! newlinechar  newlinechar Seriously, reading Socrates (as described by others), I always feel struck by (a) I can't believe he's getting away with this shit and (b) why the hell do these people keep putting up with him? I swear, the remarkable thing is *not* Socrates; it's the *reactions* to him as described. People are always attentive and interested and almost never just tell him to fuck off. It's so strange... newlinechar  newlinechar If you're interested, there's a modern book 'The Ironic Defense of Socrates' or something like that which basically argues that Socrates basically manipulated and arranged his whole trial and execution as well, which put together a lot of little aspects of that whole thing that had always sort of eluded me. newlinechar  newlinechar That just adds a whole 'nother level of badass to it: not only does he make a long life trolling everyone in town, but then he decides to up his game a bit more to get them to sentence him to death to teach them another lesson once he gets bored...
I smite thee with downvotes	There is no form of divine retribution more powerful and terrifying.
Untrue  newlinechar  newlinechar I know girls who lift and its nasty newlinechar  newlinechar They take whey and end up bulking up and looking manly and its very off putting  newlinechar  newlinechar I think girls should stick to cardio and light weights 	Don't be an asshole.
Oh, I'm sorry.	It's all good.
it is a [CIWS ](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phalanx_CIWS) newlinechar  newlinechar [Wasp-Class Armament](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wasp_class_amphibious_assault_ship#Armament_and_sensors)	No, CIWS is the much smaller item on the starboard corner.
I'm in a much smaller city in Central Florida. Whenever I tell peope from OUTSIDE of Florida where I live they correct me and say, 'Oh, you mean Daytona' as if I forgot the name of my city. I'll PM you. newlinechar 	ahh gotcha
[](/grumpyrar)	[](/celestlol)
A horrible community college. Its nickname is Slownes. Owens Community College. I had one class that could have been passed by a 6th grader, it was for computer networking. I bet a monkey could pass it.	Can't help but wonder how a 6th grade monkey would fare...
That's great! Although, the little straw is the best part.	Then use a little straw. newlinechar 
Thank you Justice Maverick. newlinechar  newlinechar **COURT IS NOW IN SESSION** newlinechar  newlinechar *smashes sledgegavel* newlinechar  newlinechar Prosecution and Defense may now begin their opening statements. newlinechar  newlinechar Now as I said...**LETS BOOGY*	Thank you, Your Honor.   Members of the Jury, people of Reddit,  I am here today to defend /u/douglasmacarthur on charges of KimJongUn.rar.   I understand that this is a divisive case, but I ask that you remember to try it according to the facts, and remember that unless the prosecution proves their case, he must be found not guilty.  There are two  key factors that support the declaration of /u/douglasmacarthur not guilty on all charges. newlinechar  newlinechar First, I bring your attention to the “Subreddit Independence Doctrine”  which is the legal precedent in this court that moderators are entitled to manage their subreddit as they see fit.   A justice of this court made a statement, which is required to be accepted as binding legal opinion by this court.   He said “If the moderator team decides they don't want a domain in their sub, that's that. Moderating is not a democracy.”  I would like to remind the jury that they must judge the defendant according to this statement, as it carries the force of law. newlinechar  newlinechar Second,   I bring attention to the fact that unless the prosecution can prove beyond reasonable doubt that  newlinechar the defendant had an ulterior motive in banning Russia Today, the defendant must be found Not Guilty.  Unless the prosecution can present a statement by the defendant that confirms these allegations, they must be considered false. newlinechar  newlinechar I urge the jury to consider the implications of their decision and the law of this court while making their decision, which must be outright acquittal. newlinechar 
The rubber thingies stick to the feathers and the circular motion pulls the chicken away, but the feather is still attached to the rubber thing. 	yeah the thing spins and rips out the feathers and stuff
Not if he's dead :(	Then, /u/Shitty_Watercolour would paint those findings and /u/awildsketchappeared's death.
wow you have amazing eyes and that hair oh my.....one word SEXY!!!!!!!	Haha thank you:)
I would eat brownies out of her asshole.	Dude, Simba's a guy.
they're more expensive, but Lootas are good to phenomenal ranged units. 	They also have the reputation as a good unit to take down flyers. I guess I just can't find a good ork unit to drop anything with AV12 and up. Getting to the flanks is hit or miss especially under fire. Having some tau rail guns around seemed like a good compromise. Plus I want to try a paint scheme with them.
I'm confused. Has he ever played Batman? I seriously don't know.	Other than animation and video games, no. newlinechar  newlinechar But I honestly think most of the animated films and video games are better than the live action stuff. newlinechar  newlinechar Arkham City had an amazing story.
I don't think it's a good idea to do dissociatives with bipolar disorder.	I just read an article/study that showed that ketamine helped with depression, but that's entirely different than a bipolar disorder. If he or she says she's been relieved of symptoms, even with irresponsible use, who are you to say that they shouldn't ever do it, having not the disorder they have? 
The neighbor's WiFi network wasn't password-protected.	Linksys
Okay bud, i do apologize, i'd just finished a horrible shift at work, and didn't really respond well, to what i thought to was a sarky post, implying that i hadn't done my research before posting my post.	its cool man, i shouldnt have assumed everyone here is subbed to /r/guns
I understand the laser warning labels. newlinechar  newlinechar When I went through the procedure of looking at the FDA CDRH, We were already using constructed laser pointers with the warning label on the laser itself. 	Yeah, just making sure everyone else does too. 200 mW with nothing but a momentary, no warning label.. If your ass gets seen with it and you don't run fast, you have some issues. Big ones. Back when I played, a full warning, two switches.. Ok, so you're walking around with a 200 mW laser. I don't know the precise laws now.
Thank you :D 	Your welcome enjoy your ebook :)
pretty badass pic, who's the artist?	Carorora.com newlinechar  newlinechar I actually didn't know it was signed as that until you pointed it out.
LoL at the edit.	didn't help tho...still getting killed.  oh well, that's why we acquire, so we can spend ;)
Right, and all they had to do was find someone who looked almost exactly like the model and post it using the Reddit account of a Connecticut-based nail polish enthusiast.  newlinechar  newlinechar *IT'S THE PERFECT CRIME!*	You do realize that companies buy Reddit accounts, right? Mostly ones with high karma, but also just ordinary accounts that have been established for some time. Why do you think I reddit so much? It's a fucking investment yo. I'm going to retire off this shit. It's foolproof.
Science fiction is a decent way of examining ourselves in a non-threatening manner, though. So what if it's unrealistic? Doesn't the question evoke *any* curiosity? newlinechar  newlinechar To /u/Teialiel, I thought that this was at least an interesting question to pose. I think that it's disapointing that you're getting such a negative reaction.	The *only* 'negative reaction' to this post came from /u/UpvotesAllWhoReply, and even his reaction was pretty tepid, far from the 'name calling' that you allege took place. newlinechar  newlinechar Or are we not allowed to criticize the idea of an imminent post-scarcity society?
Haha thanks man. I'm not really sure what I wanted to know to be honest... newlinechar  newlinechar Do you like your classes? How big is the department? Do the students seems to be interested in the subject or just looking for an easy A? How liberal/conservative are the people on campus? Are there many international students who go to IU? newlinechar  newlinechar Sorry if that's overwhelming, any answers/opinions you could give would be much appreciated. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Also, how many logic classes are offered? At Purdue we only have one undergraduate logic course and I've already taken it.	I like my classes. I have taken about 70 credit hours between the Phil department and the History and Philosophy of Science departments. Our professors are very very good as a whole.  newlinechar  newlinechar The department is relatively small, but if you add the HPS department it becomes pretty big. You can find info/faculty lists on both of those departments through google. newlinechar  newlinechar The students are VERY interested in the subject, outside of 100-level classes of course. I find that the students I have met in Philosophy classes are by far more interested and intelligent than students in the other departments I have been in such as Political Science and Criminal Justice. newlinechar  newlinechar The campus is very liberal, but there are also conservatives of course and they are fairly liberal themselves. newlinechar  newlinechar 6k of our 45k students are international, which makes us one of the highest % international state schools. newlinechar  newlinechar I can get very deep into the details of the strengths and weaknesses of the philosophy and HPS departments (subfield wise) as well, if you'd like.
I think what he means is that the existence, non-existence of god can be verified as an empirical fact, depending on ones definition of god.  Whether a god exists is a matter to be left to science. newlinechar  newlinechar Feminism, anti-racism, and other facets of social justice on the other hand rely on ethical tenants like 'racism is wrong' which are not inconsistent with atheism, but also not directly related. newlinechar  newlinechar I believe the relationship between social justice and atheism only exists due to cultural context.  Because many traditional religions promote bigotry, the rejection of religion often results in individuals becoming increasingly tolerant. newlinechar 	&gt; I think what he means is that the existence, non-existence of god can be verified as an empirical fact, depending on ones definition of god. newlinechar  newlinechar It can be, if one defines god in a way that the vast majority of people alive today do not. I probably shouldn't have bothered with that point, because it's completely off topic to the discussion at hand. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Feminism, anti-racism, and other facets of social justice on the other hand rely on ethical tenants like 'racism is wrong' which are not inconsistent with atheism, but also not directly related. newlinechar  newlinechar This is an oversimplification. Try 'racism is wrong, because there is no evidence showing why one should treat one race better or worse than another'. Just like 'god is a human creation, because there's no evidence to show that it exists'. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;I believe the relationship between social justice and atheism only exists due to cultural context. Because many traditional religions promote bigotry, the rejection of religion often results in individuals becoming increasingly tolerant. newlinechar  newlinechar This is partially correct, but you discard evidence based discussion on bigotry. If someone uses evidence or logic as a reason to discard one claim, god, they should also be willing to use it on other topics. The 'null hypothesis' would be to treat people equally, anything that deviates from that requires evidence to be shown.
Tell us more about you two! Sounds like a good story :)	Well it's a bit of a long-winded story, but I'll give the short and sweet version because I'm typing this on my phone (and we all know how much fun that is). newlinechar  newlinechar We grew up around the corner from each other, and we had play dates when we were very little. We went to preschool together, and then my family moved a couple towns away so we lost touch. In high school, he and my brother reconnected because they both sang in accapella groups for their schools. We both ended up going to the same college (300 miles from home, so a kind of weird coincidence) and ran into each other and recognized each other. We decided to grab dinner to catch up, which turned into a date, and we've been together ever since (almost 4 years)! newlinechar  newlinechar Meeting the parents was much less stressful than usual because I'd already met them ~20 years previously! 
Dont fucking say 'Dont fucking say 'this' you stupid fuck., it contributes nothing.' you stupid fuck., it contributes nothing. newlinechar 	Don't fuckin say 'Dont fucking say 'Dont fucking say 'this' you stupid fuck., it contributes nothing.' you stupid fuck., it contributes nothing.' you stupid fuck., it contributes nothing. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 
Why disable sniper?	Buncha anti-spy weapons for pyro, plus sniper is kinda useless in Hidden anyways. At least, that's my guess. (also huntsman taunt exploit)
A gym would be one of the many places where you really shouldn't start a fight.	There's always someone bigger. 
Thanks to Lvl9Zekrom, I'll have the ghastly, but I'd gladly take the other two. Once I trade with Zekrom, I can get you a quick list of the breedables that I have.	Ok, thank you!
&lt;40*	Yeah, yeah... I fix it nao.
I don't mind! Jump on in. Both mine and freelancespy's fc's are somewhere in here. freelancespy is hosting though	Thanks, I added you both, I'm just awaiting registration...
I don't mind harvesting early but I'm wondering if I should 'force' the plant to flower (by covering it and blocking the light out for 12 hours)..  We don't get frost here - it will be in the 70's in December..  Over night it might get a bit too cold - but not frosty..	If it doesnt frost you should be fine.  Your plants may not like it the most but thats what most outdoor guys are fighting against is the frost. newlinechar  newlinechar Again im not an outdoor grower so take my advice with a grain of salt.
No me gusta sus cover photos, not twilight sparkle. newlinechar  newlinechar P.S. I know they're free, I was trying to be funny.	[](/twihorror)but i am dee bes
*Pinkie returns to the main room to see Jet Stream struggling to carry Rarity. She giggles.* newlinechar [](/sp) newlinechar [](/ppawesome) Having troubles, Jet Stream? Rarity can be a frustrating marshmallow. *Pinkie grunts as she throws Rarity onto her back.* Um...which rooms are still empty?	[](/miniluna)Umm, I think that the east bedroom is still open. newlinechar  newlinechar She will get a full view of Tia's sunrise in the morning. newlinechar  newlinechar If you are still up for it, I would like to talk.
Stop being so rude.	I don't see what I'm doing wrong. I was sarcastic when I said that about Bieber and One Direction. I don't think they're good music. It was sarcasm.  newlinechar I don't see what I've done to make him want to avoid me. It was something from a while ago I've, obviously, stopped being rude to him. 
Bingo!	That's a bingo! 
When i try to explain Ben-to to people, i sound crazy. 	I just tell them it's a bunch of hungry people brawling for half priced bento. With a heaping load of fan service. Lots of fan service. Mmmmmm...
How dare those employees treat them like human beings! They are just lowly bums! On a serious note I find the homeless in Columbus to be far more willing to confront people than other cities I've been to, ex. Seattle. newlinechar  newlinechar Don't hit up the shell off Livingston and Alum Creek, lots of homeless people there.	Last time I went to the Livingston Shell, some kids wanted to pump gas for me and make $5. I politely declined and it wasn't a problem for me, but I could see some people having trouble. 
Love the colour!	Thanks! I wasn't so sure about it at first. I was lucky enough to be able to choose an entirely different color palette when I moved into this room, so I chose colors that would complement the desk.
Or, you know, actually firing shots (and missiles). We don't discriminate against countries that require other methods.	Of course, the hostile takeovers.
Yeah thanks. I'm pretty sure lucid dreaming doesn't lead to brain damage, that's kind of ridiculous. Can definitely lead to sleep loss and mood changes though, like you said. :)	Lucid dreaming doesn't lead to sleep loss. It causes your mind to be more active during the REM stage of sleep but you still get just as much deep sleep, deep sleep being what you need to actually 'recharge'.
&gt; they hauled my dad to jail for a night because the guy didn't believe that a woman would have said that newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/aGznbA1.gif	If I had a time machine, I would go back and change my rage line to 'Tread lightly'.
I agree. I personally think he worked better with Charley though.	Divergent universe was great! - I need to revisit Doctor and Charley.
Maybe the academia in Israel does, but not anywhere else. 	Actually, the common consensus is that Israel acted in defense to the attack on its security, military buildup, and stopped an imminent invasion.
I'm caught up. I want to catch him up so we can watch tomorrow's ep together.	Oh lord, the anticipation for that episode is driving me insane.  Last Episode was quite a episode. If you are reading this and haven't seen Breaking Bad, do yourself a favor and watch the best current show TV has to offer. Besides Sports.
If you are neither, downvotes are not for you. If you are either, downvotes may be for you, but not in my sub. They're gone for a reason. 	Understood.
United States Consumer Product Safety Commission.  newlinechar OP really should have typed that out for us. 	Reddit has a length limit on the titles... (Sarcasm by the way, I assume most people on reddit have heard the bucky balls story considering how big it was.)
Let me guess: You're not a rocket surgeon, are you?	No, but I am a Brain scientist
I think that him ignoring his KG duties to help his family actually makes the most sense. When he joins the KG Jaime says Lora's is pretty much him when he was younger so having Loras ruin his honor would actually make sense. 	His KG duties involve helping his family because his sister is the queen. Two of them are the only members of the Tyrell family with unlimited access to the Red Keep. What can be gained by his hiding at Dragonstone or joining the Redwyne' fleet? His presence in the Red Keep gives his family much more advantage while anything outside the KL could easily be handled by other Tyrells.
Turn 1 this, turn 2 Ordeal of Purphoros and swing for 3? Seems like decent pressure on the play. If it sticks, he keeps growing to outclass any blockers they play, and by turn 4 you get to bolt something for free. Dies to removal of course but you always get at least some value.	Most things die to removal...
This is why headlines have become the best way to sell your agenda. newlinechar  newlinechar If you read the headlines of the same story on sites with opposite political affiliation (Reddit vs Drudge Report, MSNBC vs FOXNews, etc), you'll find that there's a degree of ... editorializing with the headlines. newlinechar  newlinechar For an example, imagine a republican senator making a speech on 'traditional marriage' on the senate floor, which results in an outcry against him from various gay rights groups. The headlines will look something like this: newlinechar  newlinechar - Reddit: 'Gay-bashing Republican Senator John Smith gets slammed by Jon Stewart' newlinechar  newlinechar - MSNBC: 'Florida Republican John Smith facing pressure from gay rights groups after anti-gay rant' newlinechar  newlinechar - Fox: 'Senator Smith (R-FL) responds to criticism of his speech on family values' newlinechar  newlinechar - Drudge: 'Senator John Smith threatened by gay-rights groups after speech on Thursday'. newlinechar  newlinechar All 4 articles may end up having the same facts - but the way they're presented gives a totally different story. The relative importance of the party of the controversial figure depends on the way the story is intended to be taken, as is how you're intended to react to it. The further 'left' you go, the more the article's headline is telling you that his statements are absurd. The further right you go, the more they're focused on the cleanup after, and the reaction of other parties rather than the actual event. newlinechar  newlinechar Watch for it sometime. You'll be surprised how often it happens.	Once you learn that, you can see past the bullshit and get news from lots of sources. My old boss thought it was irresponsible for me to read al jazzera because he couldn't see any way I could digest the information without being brainwashed. 
There's a concept in kosher called 'yad soledet bo' or basically something being too hot to touch with your hand. When something is that hot, it takes on the 'taste' of whatever you're cooking (meat or milk). So cold cereal and milk in a bowl won't stop one from using that same bowl to prepare raw beef later but once you eat a hot bowl of chili from it (skipping over other contingencies in kosher) you couldn't use that bowl for dairy products again.  newlinechar  newlinechar So in short, common sense tells us not to touch something too hot. 	I don't see any relationship between the first part of what you said and the second part.
What do you mean 'we?'  Are you A.)  The person with cancer or B.) The person who wrote to R* about the guy with cancer?	He's talking about the Reddit community as a whole. God, you're a dick.  newlinechar I'm pretty sure R* would CONFIRM he has cancer before they hand him a copy of the fucking game. Btw, Syria has nothing to do with GTA 5. Quit sitting on your naive ass and bitching about it. We'll find out soon enough.
I didn't realize he was busted up like that. 	Yeah, it's a real shame.  I feel the same way about Ballard, young guys with enough talent to at least make a career of it, if not be special, but injuries sidelined them. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.nfl.com/news/story/0ap1000000236977/article/tony-moeaki-tweets-goodbye-to-kansas-city-chiefs
Anything else you will immediately regret asking because I will give you as honest of an answer as I possibly can?	How has your idea of a 'perfect man' changed through the years? newlinechar  newlinechar What sport or athletic ability do you have that in which you believe you could beat 50% of men your age?
War is the key term- hes not asking for war.	Hmm, it sure seems like it. Well, thanks for the explanation.
Actually he did an AMA and it's a dude. So yeah you can put your fedora away. 	but he was so close to getting some hot peen action 
I just finished my SB game and it was full. Philly vs NE so I wouldn't have been surprised if a NY stadium was empty lol	Really? My game was half full, NE vs SF....
&gt; vaporized pig newlinechar  newlinechar The only juice with the breath-freshening power of ham!	I'm going to miss that show sooooo much.
Later ones came with the flairs to accommodate larger tires and wheels. Panteras were made up to 1991 and eventually had way more stuff than that tacked on by the end.  	I actually love the flares, but it needs the ridiculous arrow-shaped wing too. I think the kit was called 'GT5'
If it makes you feel any better, I'm embarrassed for you.	i think only a lot of alcohol will make me feel better today. 
For my own clarification, wasn't /r/hailcorporate *originally* a circlejerk spinoff?	I don't know but they seem to dislike you guys even though nominally, both subreddits are supposed to be skeptical looks at bad posts.
Those ears! She looks like a bunny :)	It's so cute and hilarious when she's hiding behind pillows or blankets and all you can see are her ears sticking up!
If by found you mean founded* then I concur.	A little from column A, and a little from column B. newlinechar      newlinechar I like to think I found it in my brain in a flash of brilliance. 
Do you happen to have a link to that sim?	It's called PureFelinity.com. It used to be big back around 2008, but it's still chugging along, I guess. It's actually a pretty difficult game that requires weeks of planning ahead. On the other hand, it's completely sandbox. newlinechar  newlinechar If it does seem interesting to you, please message me and I can give you some items.
Please write with detail your daily use and charging routine	The graph tells alot,  one of which has his phone on airplane mode and screen off for a day
I'm down! I posted my FC earlier but I guess everybody's too busy smashing. My FC is 1720-5587-5767 and my username is GD.	I'm awaiting registration, I'll Host newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: The lag was intense. 
Oh boy.....only a Heat fan	It was supposed to be a joke...
From Wisconsin all I have to say is... newlinechar Where the hell is that the dells?	Where is the cheese castle, right on the boarder with Ill. and on the route out of Chicago into the Milwaukee area so it really greets foreigners with all of our cheesy stereotypes. newlinechar  newlinechar Ughhhh.
I think that was an elusive 'tackle.' 	I got my masterball for this one.
We are one of the few countries who are willing to take action.   The US wants all countries going through civil wars to use military force that is legal and humane.  Most countries take the stance of, 'Not me, don't care.'  We would rather show countries that what they are doing is against world laws, and punish them for doing so.	And I would rather we stop spending money we dont have on a thankless task. 
Uhh opposite. Yea. Not very smart. I went into the bathroom to brush my teeth and grabbed the razor instead. 	I'm sure using your razor as a tongue scraper will be an experience you will never forget.
AJAJAJAJAJAJ	SKSKSKSKSKSKSK
One of my favorites. Turles is one of my favorite villains, he's a total bad ass. How strong was he exactly? If he ate enough of those fruits, would he become stronger than Frieza?	I don't think the fruits are permanent. I would just assume he'd just OD if he ate too much. Or get full.
Oh god what episode is this? There needs to be a Subreddit dedicated to what I just asked.	[Sonic '06: Catharsis - PART 85](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcCMSiVFtPM) newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: @ about 2:25
Sorry it's completely on the staff member that set the display model next to OP's. He shouldn't have done that without remembering which is which. Also, OP should have been stopped before he left the store with the display model. Blaming customers for staff mistakes is idiotic and the owner clearly doesn't get that concept. 	That's true, the owner should be going after the employee as much as, if not more than, the customer.
That's just association of the colour, rather than actually *describing* what it is.	Then any description would be an association. To really get to know something, you have to experience it.
I honestly don't think he projects entirely well at the major league level. He seems very much like a guy who does very well at AAA but would fail at the majors. AAAA. Like Corey Brown. 	If it was me I'd let him play, showcase his bat, then talk to teams who play in the pansy DH side of the league.  Might be able to ship him for someone who has a glove and average power.
A few recommendations of what to take. 	At my school the teachers had most of that because the students were irresponsible and couldn't keep a pencil for more than a day.  newlinechar  newlinechar Not me, though. I always remembered everything. newlinechar  newlinechar /s
The worst part for me is, my toilet broke and partially flooded my house last week. So we've had two spot heaters going full blast to dry it out - it's over a hundred degrees in my house right now.	Oh my that blows! No pun intended. Cold showers my friend, they are worthwile even if its only for a  short time.
Not only is Jason Kidd not in the NBA but he is half black. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm lookin for that premium, columbian grown white stuff	You didn't specify they had to be in the NBA currently.  newlinechar  newlinechar I forgot he's half black though. My fault. 
Do you have any more pictures other than one guys undershirt and a single drum?	Here's a [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVy2Wxd1miw) of the band playing the Fight Song in the shirts.
Your a glass half empty type of guy newlinechar  newlinechar I see it as the dog is never in the wrong hood	*you're
The pot wouldn't have been split because 9 is higher than 7...	Weren't all the other board cards higher than 9?
Waffles, smothered in whipped cream and berries. So delicious. 	You, I like you. Well, I already loved you, now I just love you more.
Riff Ram Bah Zoo!	Gig 'em! newlinechar  newlinechar Wait...
I'll take your word for it, I'm no truck expert.  But it was a red Dodge with dualies.	2500 is a 3/4 ton. A dually is a 1ton (minimum)
But you'd already be in the ocean. no real reason to change.	Ehh maybe not, but a brown stain in the back of my shorts wouldn't be flattering. 
Nope. That's another generalization. 	Well as of ten years ago, I don't know if its been changed, SUVs were allowed to pollute more because they're classified as a utility vehicle.   It was a legal loophole that wasn't closed as of 2001.  It may have sense been changed but there is a basis for that comment.
I'm pretty sure proximity responses in AI is nothing groundbreaking.	Congrats, you get why everyone made fun of the CoD team.
yeah, but he keeps telling Ted that they will hang out, and then blows him off. Even if its for a girl, thats still not cool.	they did hangout they got pizza, froyo, and played video games together i think ted is a little to needy
He allowed something like 5/5 balls thrown his direction on a single drive against the 49ers.	Aaaaand I'm sad.
and the burning mouth joke. Burning your tongue is the worst. Fuck that	No love for the hipsters? They needed it before all of us.
Is it dead?	Remote or dog?
thank you very much!	My pleasure. Don't be intimidated by the exam. As a general rule, the SAT II is easier than the corresponding AP exam, so you'll be fine on the SAT II if you did well on AP Physics B. That being said, even if you didn't do well on the exam you can still pull a good score on the SAT II.  newlinechar  newlinechar Don't underestimate math II, though; in my experience, that one takes a respectable amount of review if you want a good score. 
Honestly I've never seen a problem with people on the pathways, everyone that I've encountered seems to use common sense, it's quite refreshing truthfully.	Wow, you don't use them much. I see this shit daily.
Can you give me an example? I am just curious how much you guys are involved into the leading the situation on. 	nice try pedolol
I don't know how anyone can justify downvoting your comment.  Poison Ivy can really suck as a human, but birds, especially the migratory species will make good use of the the PI berries.  A good PI patch makes for great bird watching in the fall.  	I am a super-reactor to PI and worked as a naturalist for a quarter century in Ohio second growth woodlands (PI heaven).  My first reaction to PI is not rational either.  Luckily I know more than the average bear.
'Wtf man this water isn't sparkling at all' newlinechar  newlinechar 'Sorry I don't have a filter' newlinechar  newlinechar ' that's no excuse!'	I was really worried for a second that people were judging me because I don't own one, like I swear it's not a bullshit phrase I really don't have a filter!
Did it work?	I used it for a bit, and to my surprise, with a breeze, it did seem to speed up my raft a bit.
I'd love to see that midget beat your ass bitch.	For a ganja lord, you sound pretty hostile.
Because that's not the meme. 	Because they're different things?
I wear a utility belt. Those never go out of style.	And handy.
My birthday suit!	Nice. You should wash it once and a while though.
I have a hoody and a zip up jacket.  newlinechar  newlinechar I also have my old Fire Department Turn out jacket and a Parka. No sweatshirt though.	What is the difference between a hoody and sweatshirt?
And you make more stereotypes and prejudices just because of my assumed affiliation. You just further prove what I said. I never meant to show any hostility towards you. Just trying to defend myself against attacking and stereotyping.	My point stands regardless of whether you were ancom or not. Chill the fuck out dude. You were the one to bring it up, and pulling the race card out of nowhere is in extremely bad taste, even for you. 
I just looked at the top 50 submissions (sorted by 'best') and didn't see any that popped out as CGI. I didn't scrutinize them, so perhaps I missed one or a few... but I certainly didn't see anything that bothered me. newlinechar  newlinechar Is there an outcry from the userbase against them? If so, perhaps considering requiring a tag might be worth it. If not, perhaps it's not worth a bother.	If you sort by 'top' #15 is the only render I see on the front page and I wouldn't call that a big enough issue to warrant a ban. newlinechar  newlinechar As far as user-base outcry, people do seem to argue about them but since they aren't very common I don't see a huge issue.
Welcome to the weird world of microphonics!	I once killed a man just for being overly microphonic. 
It's weird scrolling through a random comment thread on Reddit to see you. Recognized your name from MANvsGAME!	Oh wow, I've never been recognized outside of twitch. This is where I should say something clever, right? umm...ahhh... 'Hi' newlinechar  newlinechar ^^Totally ^^not ^^socially ^^awkward
Like talking to a brick wall mate. The other thing Geelong fans dont realise ia the fact that the GFC didn't have a say in the decision. newlinechar  newlinechar We, Fremantle supporters, arent angry at Geelong. They deserve their home final. Its the way the AFL went about deciding it and making only us play there. The AFL are the villain here not Geelong, but their fans here think we have it in for them... 	&gt; their fans here think we have it in for them... newlinechar  newlinechar Well you and other Freo supporters have called them all ferals and asked for extra security...
Not true...at least for sprint. 	Ummm.. What? What does Sprint have to do with this? This gives me no information on your statement.  newlinechar  newlinechar I have a Samsung Infuse 4g, Galaxy S3, a brand new Moto X, Iphone 4s, Iphone 5, Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 and Asus TF300t. newlinechar  newlinechar ALL of these devices turn wifi off when airplane mode is switched on. Now I can activate airplane mode and turn wifi back on and only use WiFi. But WiFi does NOT stay running. newlinechar  newlinechar To make an analogy to cars 'Driving uphill doesnt make your car shift up a gear. At least not for Goodyear tires.'
RIP in peace, bro.	Rest in peace in peace?
Good job man! I've been playing with the crossbow myself, but I find that I'm not good enough to use anything but the tribolt attachment. Lol newlinechar  newlinechar Was it in a normal core mode or sticks and stones? 	I managed to get it in Sticks and Stones on Raid. There was a fair chunk of luck involved. I had gotten three hits in a row, then missed twice. Someone was dumb enough to walk right over my bolt as it exploded though, and I got my last hit right after. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: The bloodthirsty, that is. 
Yeah, the international view of the A-league (seen on /r/soccer and such) is that Heskey and ADP are it''s biggest stars. But you don't hear much about Heskey in the league when compared to ADP, Ono, Rojas etc. He seem's to have been very much caught in their shadows.    	Watching Newcastle in the second half of the year, you could see how skilled he is but teams worked hard to 2v1 him all day and cut off his service from the wings meaning they were reduced to long high balls into the channels but even when he won the header the other team worked to get the second ball.  Where as ADP and Ono won games off their boot, Heskey wasn't able to lift his team to those heights but that is because the other 9 players weren't able to do their thing as well as they should on paper not for lack of skill or work. I think this is why we're not taking about him like Ono or ADP.
I was an idiot and didn't scout the take off before jumping off because it wasn't that big of a drop. There was a dip right before the launch that kicked me forward and caused me to lose my balance and I wasn't able to recover before going airborn. My skis were still attached to me on the way down, and only disconnected on impact with ground/my face. 	Ahh okay makes sense now.
Just because they do a lot of the hard work does not mean they can overpower or outnumber us.  newlinechar  newlinechar Do you have any links you can provide? If not updatepronto you mind shedding some light on the situation?	check my comment above: newlinechar  newlinechar Jabhat al Nusra executing 13 SAA soldiers bullet to the bakc of the head   - http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=631_1368719634 newlinechar  newlinechar JAN executing SAA soldiers - http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=972_1354262530 newlinechar  newlinechar Just to be balanced  newlinechar  newlinechar SAA killed old FSA rebel - http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=190_13719841440 newlinechar SAA execute rebel with knives and rocks - http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=9f2_1359321234
Regardless of her being a 'great and loving mom' as you say, if she's smoking while pregnant she deserves to have that lit cigarette stuck in her eye.	Look again, cigarette isn't lit and shes holding it backward.
so for the manga if i start at say chapter 22 i would be at the same point for the anime? If so I think I might start reading the manga..i really want to see more.	It's a few pages into chapter 30 at this point. I'd almost recommend watching the rest of the season at the very least before getting into the manga if you just NEED that fix. The season finale will probably be the end of chapter 33. There's only 48 chapters anyway :\
Oh okay thanks, it just seemed like it'd be one of those games where everyone would want to be communicating and I'd be getting kicked because I wouldn't be able to.	Nope, some lobbies have almost no communication but others can be reasonably organized with regular old typing.  I suggest getting it, I've gotten more than my money's worth.  For $30 you'd expect about half the quality of a larger title but Overkill has been patching it and adding things like mad since release and they actually seem to listen to their customers.
Oh you, Never change. newlinechar  newlinechar 'The Pol Pot the Cambodians remember was not a tyrant, but a great patriot and nationalist, a lover of native culture and native way of life. He was brought up in  royal palace circles; his aunt was a concubine of the previous king. He studied in Paris, but instead of making money and a career, he returned home, and spent a few years dwelling with forest tribes to learn from the peasants. He felt compassion for the ordinary village people who were ripped off on a daily basis by the city folk, the comprador parasites. He built an army to defend the countryside from these power-wielding robbers. Pol Pot,  a monkish man of simple needs, did not seek wealth, fame or power for himself. He had one great ambition: to terminate the failing colonial capitalism in Cambodia, return to village tradition, and from there, to build a new country from scratch.'	TIL Pol Pot was literally Buddha. 
Can someone screenshot a frame with Gavin in it? I'd like to see, but my laptop doesn't play Vines for some reason.	[Here you are.](http://imgur.com/yv9g7Jd) On the right, just behind the bald guy in front.
Well, then, I apologize. In a sense I was venting on my own because of how fucking toxic and negative this was. So, I mean, take it with a grain of salt.	Its all good man. Some people are just more emotional/critical than others. At the end of the day we're all supporters of this Longhorn team. :)
SKSKSKSKSKSKSK	Why would you save everything?
Guys are scared shitless of talking to girls.	Most of us are also scared shirtless of spiders. Don't call me in to kill it because I'll just shit my pants and cry in the corner with you because now we're both stuck in the bathroom.
You're not familiar with what was done with the gay internees after 'liberation' during WWII, huh?	I haven't heard about this. What happened?
I suggest we don't. newlinechar  newlinechar Doing nothing is cheaper and less inflammatory.	Except then we watch as thousands of people suffer at the hands of chemical weapons, whose effects are so awful even Hitler didn't want to use them in war bc he saw what they could do.
It sure seems that way, given the wording 'Your chain of thought could be extended...', but I think his point is quite the opposite of the slippery slope fallacy. He's saying that it's *reasonable and appropriate* to draw a line somewhere across the slope, and that the original commenter is applying the principle so broadly that he bars reasonable nomenclature. 	No, /u/hoodunnit's arguing that if we do X, this will lead to Y, via a slippery slope. X is 'stop using pat labels for fallacies' and Y is 'stop using labels for anything.' That is a classic slippery slope argument. It's also fallacious because my chain of thought *can't* be extended in this manner - my argument is that fallacies ought not to be used because the label itself is uninformative, naming as it does the structure rather than the content. This does not apply to every esoteric term - in fact most name the content of the idea they refer to, not the structure. newlinechar  newlinechar Notice that this would've been evident had I just said *this* in reply, rather than saying 'that's a fallacy' as I so hilariously did.
Did you render it twice and use opacity on the visable one, or are there settings I don't know of yet?	Rendered one image with only bill, then a second one with the other characters and no bill. Then did some photoshop magic to make it get the final result.
Indeed.  Excellent band.	TIL there are a lot of players named Glassjaw in Steam. =P newlinechar  newlinechar I'm trying to add you so we can play.
Sources for what?	Well, many people say that black people, feminists and other groupes are excluded and why atheism+ started, so id assume most people here know about what started atheism+.
Georgia - Clemson game?	And Oklahoma-Louisiana Monroe on the computer.
She's twice you age! newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar (she's kinda hot, though)	I chuckled at that one, that she is my good sir, that she is.
They're comparing the pay of U.S. CEOs of private companies to the average Canadian pay? What the fuck? newlinechar  newlinechar And why does Canada even have a say in what U.S CEOs get paid? (Let alone the average American unless he/she happens to be a shareholder) newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; 'We have a corporate culture that really encourages risky behaviour' newlinechar  newlinechar  So getting a higher salary makes you more risky? What science went into that? newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; About 22 per cent of U.S. companies with the highest-paid CEOs received taxpayer bailouts after the 2008 financial crash. newlinechar  newlinechar   First of all, the reinvestment plan was targeted, and CEOs who didn't need a 'bailout' had to take one... secondly what was the criteria for 'companies with the highest-paid CEOs'. How about some facts? newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Eight per cent of highly paid CEOs were fired for poor performance but received golden parachutes valued, on average, at $48 million US. newlinechar  newlinechar   CEOs negotiate their compensation before they start work. This is a well known fact. To make it seem as though they were paid for failing is deceptive. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Another eight per cent of highly paid CEOs ran afoul of the law and paid fraud-related fines or settlements. newlinechar  newlinechar   Sure they did, please show us the data. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Can someone from Canada vouch for this 'news' source? I clicked around a bit but half the links went to an Obama/Syria article	They compare U.S. CEO's to average American pay. If you read between your highlighted points, the study referenced was a left leaning Washington based think tank. CBC is a government sponsored broadcasting corporation so there credibility is there but skewed like many new corps.
[](/adorkable)	[](/fluttershh)Sorry.
That's a joke?	I wouldn't be surprised if this was real. I once worked in a mall management office, most of the harassment calls I would send to security were from women being harassed in the parking lot by cars of teenagers or grown men. 
Bias doesn't exist in attractiveness, because there's not objective measure.	I guess I just meant it's a plus for me that automatically makes you look more attractive. 
Why 1290 calories?  As opposed to 1300, I mean.	Lots of calorie counters give exact numbers like that based on the calculations they make
he's listed at 5'10' and I've seen him at 5'11' elsewhere.  I went by WAR though and relievers usually don't accumulate much WAR.	Fine, but can't deny he was a premier closer for a bit and threw 100mph
Is this a very common practice?	Depends how you define common. newlinechar  newlinechar Could happen after a major change such as new ownership or a remodel. It would be unusual if nothing changed, but the price went up 15%. newlinechar  newlinechar Generally landlords want to keep current tenants as they are tried and true, so will raise their current tenants' rate only a few percent newlinechar New renters they will be paying 'market rent' which could be much higher.
Go to www.safepiercing.org and do a member search in your city newlinechar 	Thanks man.
Same here. I remember hearing this several times from actual teachers. :/	&gt; Same here. I remember hearing this several times from actual teachers. :/ newlinechar  newlinechar Protip: some teachers don't know shit.
Yesterday I thought I was reeling in the biggest catfish, or bass I've ever caught, but it ended up being a 15 pound turtle.... Needless to say, I was a little upset. But, at least I was able to get the hook out of his mouth.	Oh been there done that soo many times. Soft shell, or not. Its always a let down when you think its a fish. Good fight though.
I hate the new guy on it.	So do I.
&gt;Most psychedelics are 100% safe. It is not possible to overdose and die on LSD, shrooms, or DMT. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar [ehhhh](http://i.imgur.com/o9dwHBM.gif) newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;I can tell you a conglomerate of verses concerning drunkenness as a sin, yet cannot find a single verse talking about why drug use (again specifically psychedelics in this situation) are a sin newlinechar  newlinechar The Epistle to the Galatians lists pharmakeia or pharmacy as works of the flesh for which those doing such things will not inherit the Kingdom of God. newlinechar  newlinechar Galatians 5:19 Now the works of the flesh are manifest, which are these; Adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness, 20 Idolatry, witchcraft (pharmakeia), hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies, 21 Envyings, murders, drunkenness, revellings, and such like: of the which I tell you before, as I have also told you in time past, that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God. 22 But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, 23 Meekness, temperance: against such there is no law.	For LSD the lethal dose would be around 12,000 ug, a really high dose to get high is 400+ug, so it would be really hard to overdose on LSD from recreational use. I think the other two drugs mentioned are similar. newlinechar  newlinechar Not to say that makes them safe just that you aren't likely to overdose on them like you could with say heroin or something.
A friend once told me that the original director died while making this film and that Steven Speilberg took over to end the filming. He told me that I will know which part of the movie Speilberg started directing. He was right. newlinechar  newlinechar After the underwater scene, it should have ended but Speilberg wanted to ruin it with some ETs. 	The original director was Stanley Kubrick I believe, who had the idea for the robot aliens at the end. Kubrick wanted to make a family movie, so he began to make AI. Spielberg took over when Kubrick died as they were good friends. This is from memory, please correct if wrong.
You just took porn to a whole new level for me. 	Hopefully I can take you to max level. AKA IRL.
No air filter at all on the carbs? Still looks like a rad 'put around town' bike. Also is that just a bike saddle for the seat?	Yeah you're gonna be on your second bike in no time with no air filter. Go research K&amp;N pod filters. 
So...No one really knows?	I'm 90% certain it was Manefag's story. A few of the posts immediately afterwards mention how they like the idea of Derpy being the town mailmare, directly referencing the fic.
That fish you are holding is probably worth a couple hundred dollars. Just saying. 	Oh wow! Well it was released unharmed.
Is this a medical issue or something else?  When I was younger I also couldn't come to full climax. I realized at some point is was mostly due to the fact when I would get close that I held back.  I was afraid of letting completely go.  Since then I have learned to love my body and what it can do.	I can come all the time by myself, I just can't during sex or any type of sexual activity with another person.
I'm thinking more the grand caravan in the upper left, what a peasant	That's not valet parking but so he is off the hook. 
&gt;Trying to find enantiomorphs in every story is, to me, a cheapening both of the Enantiomorph and the story newlinechar  newlinechar I feel the same, I've been hearing attempts at it trying to be included in a lot lately and it seems like grasping for straws when you're building a brick house. newlinechar  newlinechar Also I don't feel the Aldmer as Observer is quite right since the Chimer were also there (hell, I'm pretty sure they recorded it too) and were a-ok. Although I guess the other 7 Aedra would've been somewhat present at Convention yet Trinimac or Magnus is the Observer there. Plus, isn't it theorized that there were some Alt/dmer who saw what Trinimac became and turned away from him in disgust while the others who went to Trinimac/Malacath became Orsimer?	Yes to all. Chimer have a book of the event. Most Aldmer turned away in disgust. Some went voluntarily. Most Orcs though I think were forcibly transformed.
Soon.	Rip chris's family.
Am I the only one around here who doesn't fucking shit himself???  Outside of a toilet I mean. Is reddit particularly full of pant shitting folk?	Don't act like it hasn't happened to you. You are probably the worst!
It might be my intense fever, but the second part doesn't make sense to me.	Don't mind him, he's just a sandwich
Came for the dandruff fighting power, stayed for the wonderful hair.	No doubt, as a guy with long hair this shampoo is my jam. 
[](/hiapplejack)Cool. Zirc why is upgraded house internet worse than the previous cheaper version? 	[](/flutterumm)Because.
I'll get sources then, unless that was a joke.	I don't think he was looking for sources, I think he was just pointing out that MLP is a show about pink ponies made for little girls no matter how much you try to justify watching it. newlinechar  newlinechar You like a show about pink ponies, who gives a fuck? Don't try to be something you're not. 
Thanks. Still trying to find people to hang out with since I'm in a new area. Glad you had a good time (I assume) tonight.	Yeah I did. Tinged with sadness since one of my best friends is heading away for almost the entire year.
Knitting, I can't bring on my my 2 inch blade pocket knife (not complaining, seems reasonable) and someone can bring knitting needles? 	Knitting needles are usually made of plastic and aren't sharp at all.
[Here you are.](http://imgur.com/yv9g7Jd) On the right, just behind the bald guy in front.	Ok, thanks man. I don't know why this laptop won't play Vines. :/
'But this one time my bike was stolen, I'm sure you'd understand if your bike was stolen what it was like'	I have no idea what you just said.
Oh I won't lie, I've been there and that place is goddamn beautiful.	I've been thu Nebraska, it sucked balls.
That exactly. newlinechar In bronze mmr even though zac is op, no one will play him at its full potential, but blitz, amumu, malph ? It's just press R to win or grab to win, the skillcap is really low hence why they're always picked/banned in bronze : everyone can play ok with those.	The skillcap of Blitz is really low? I'm okay with saying that he can be effective in the hands of a bad player, but the skillcap of Blitz is through the motherfucking roof, otherwise we wouldn't praise the pros that are great at Blitz so much.
Its a franchise since the manager told me the owner owns 3 Little Caesars	You'll like it much better, corporate stores suck ass 
As a fellow overdue pregnant lady who has been debating castor oil, I will be following this thread with bated breath. newlinechar  newlinechar Keep me posted and good luck!	LOL! Bitch, I wish you would have done it first. I don't even know how long it's supposed to take before it kicks in. I took it about an hour or so ago. I'll keep you posted. 
Thanks! Regarding REI, they only have it in size 61cm (probably just trying to shift the last one) - I'm either getting a 54cm or a 56cm.	ah I see. Well honestly the two are gonna feel pretty much similar. If possible ride them. 
but he did marry his first cousin, and rumor is he only married her so he could bang her teenage daughter	*Jerry! Jerry! Jerry!*
Crowds have a funny way of feeling that they're being nice when they are doing no such thing.	And people on the internet have a funny way of thinking they know everything about a situation despite not being there or having even close to the full story. 
You mean monogamous? 	No, he meant fucking one person is boring.
Electric?	Boggie woogie woogie!
all of the 'WWE' facebook pages are ran by their media team newlinechar anyone who believes different is delusional	Of course, I just posted this to humorously highlight how ludicrously crappy the 'continuity' is.
Ab-Soul: 'EXTRA PILLS EXTRA PILLS'	Soulo ho
Preach! It's total bullshit that they're basically outraged that fat people might not want to commit suicide.	Upon actually reading about them though, they're fucking crazy... newlinechar  newlinechar But still...
Honestly I would look more at how comprehensive the fitting service is. Owning a machine like that, you should really learn how to maintain it yourself/ you eventually just tend to do that. So for me at least, the fitting session would be more important than years of tuneup.	Well I'd pay the extra for the fitting service in the place that doesn't give it for free, so I'll be getting that service either way. Both fitting services sound similar, and neither shop offers a more comprehensive service than the one I'll be getting.
I can see why people would see my post as that but that is not my intention. If you review what I posted, you will see that there is nothing of that nature in it. But I understand where people are coming due to context of OP's submission. newlinechar  newlinechar I just don't like people when people think our benefits are free or we are overcompensated. There is a lot more than meets the eye from what you can get from reading or watching a few videos or speaking to a recruiter.	I appreciate your candor, I agree.
You know, I should. Sigh. Now I feel guilty.  newlinechar  newlinechar (And perhaps some understanding of the fear you guys get every time the Father's Day/Mother's Day threads come up on the main subs. Haha.)	Don't feel too guilty. You can just ring him up and say 'some of my friends in New Zealand told me it's fathers day, so what're you up to!'. Etc etc.
Well first off the #1 difference is definitely the psychological point. I only traded for about 3 months in demo before heading to live and so far doing well in it.  newlinechar  newlinechar Some things you should know before going to life: newlinechar -Psychological POV regarding money management and stop/take profit limits. newlinechar -Psychological POV regarding money management and stop/take profit limits. newlinechar -Psychological POV regarding money management and stop/take profit limits. newlinechar 	I had to read that three times.
Yeah	Thank you.
[This show in a nutshell.](http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ma0n20G5Ci1rx6ksho1_400.gif) I can't get enough of it. 	This... I have no words for how accurate that is. 
That giant drop from the top of the stairs was the manliest thing 	Someone should do it at this school and get all the cheerleader pussy available. 
Yeap Trespassing... On a public road, logic... 	That sucks dude. You'd think officers would understand that it's a public road but they still fine you and it's not worth suing over. 
I'm on 360 so they might have done the character creator differently when they ported Mass Effect to PS3, but did you by any chance pick Quick Start male/female instead of Custom male/female? Because that option just gives you the default appearance and soldier class, rather than the full character creator. 	Yaaaaa I'm an idiot. I now see the ENTER NEW ID option on there. I thought that was for multiple save files or something.  Well thanks anyway haha
Where in the world is that dragon LCD?	Bottom of the mouse! You can upload any bitmap to the Steelseries software that is 128x32 and it will display on the little screen.
Since Assad has called Obama's bluff, Obama all the sudden wants Congress' OK on bombing Syria. Since when has Obama cared what Congress thinks about anything? Our sly President will be able to blame Congress if things go badly and declare the whole thing was their fault, not his.  	Precisely. He's making sure he's not blamed for anything (even a problem HE created by opening his mouth without thinking) like usual. 
Do you get your knowledge of relationships from video games?  newlinechar  newlinechar 'Raised her attractiveness and social value' -- woah, that last level-up really raised her stats!	Ugly people are with ugly people and attractive people are with people at their level of attractiveness. That's a general statement and not always the case, but most of the time it is. newlinechar  newlinechar 
Funny? It was cringe worthy. He was just being a douchebag, don't see how that is funny. 	If he did that to me I would probably just go along with it. You don't have to take yourself so seriously. newlinechar  newlinechar And yes the end got me that shit was hilarious.
[](/bendover)Awkward and unusually shaped?	[](/ccpoker)Depends on what you're into.
Did you really love them Ashley......or are you just saying that because you're drunk?......wait I'm having a Déjà vu moment here?	Is that you or the alcohol talking? That's me... talking to the alcohol. newlinechar  newlinechar DEJA VU
Yum... Did you make the bacon first and then add the pancake batter? I bet chopping up the cooked bacon and adding the chunks into the pancake batter would also be pretty tasty...	I cooked the bacon and one side of the pancake, I then put the bacon on the uncooked side and then flipped it. Yea if I do it again I reckon I'll cut the bacon up 
Think more like 'Michigan minus the U.P.'	Nobody pees in Michigan?
Did you ... actually play a game for 8 765 hours ?	I played around 15,000 hours of WoW
He fits perfectly fine. hes just as good a jungler as Fenrir, his heal is his sustain (As fenrirs life steal on his howl) He has a very good slow, good ticking damage ability, and a good ult. Of course hes not meant for solo lane. Hes just another choice for jungling (Fenrir, Thor, even herc can jungle) Bruiser jungling has and always will be a thing	You don't need hp sustain as a jungler, at least not from abilities. That is the issue. It doesn't help ganks and it doesn't help jungling. It is meant for team fights, but even then a bruiser is meant to focus a carry and will be less likely than a tank to be in range of his team to heal them. If you are spending mana on your heal to get 50-100 hp every once in a while then you are screwing yourself over as it is not worth the mana cost. newlinechar  newlinechar The only time a heal is useful on a jungler is during the early levels. And it doesn't do any damage, so it isn't feasible to take guan's heal before level 4. By then he can fully recoup his hp in the jungle with just Bumbas anyway, so it is terribly pointless for 'sustain' in that role. And I'm not sure if you've really played much Guan in the jungle role since his rework, but you run out of mana ridiculously fast despite the 15 mp5 from bumbas. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm also not sure why you say Guan has a good slow. His slow is complete garbage. 20% is nothing. And compared to all of the other junglers, Guan has no ganking power. He does less burst and has less CC than all of the top junglers. Those are the 2 most important aspects of a roamer. It is the reason you see Athena used effectively as a jungler--she has powerful CC, mobility, and burst. newlinechar  newlinechar Guan has a 1.5 second stun and a 20% slow. His total damage combo takes about 9 seconds. newlinechar  newlinechar Fenrir has a 1 second stun and a 2 second stun/pull/carry. His total damage combo takes about 4 seconds. newlinechar  newlinechar Thor has a 1.6 second stun, a 1.5 second stun, and a wall. His total damage combo takes about 4 seconds. newlinechar  newlinechar Ne Zha has a 1 second stun, a 4 second 'banish'-semi-stun (during the lift and drop of the ult banish), and a 25% slow. His total damage combo takes 6 seconds, but late game he can just 2-shot you with his 3 and ult unless you are a tank. newlinechar  newlinechar Hun Batz has a 50% slow and a 2 second huge aoe persistent fear that counters resolve. His full damage combo takes about 3-4 seconds. newlinechar  newlinechar ------------------------------- newlinechar  newlinechar Now why on earth would you pick Guan for the jungling role? He doesn't have a crazy fast clear. He has the worst CC of these five. He has the second worst mobility of these 5. He has the worst burst of these 5. He has the weakest auto attacks of these 5. What is the purpose of a Guan Yu pick in the jungle? He is simply outclassed. newlinechar  newlinechar Now, don't get me wrong. I don't think he's bad. I think he has a good kit. It is a fairly powerful one. The issue is that it isn't viable for any role he is meant to fill. He can't jungle with it, and he can't solo side lane with it. That is the issue I am having. They changed his kit to be good for a role in a meta that no longer exists, and now he doesn't fit the new role he should be used in according to the shifted meta because his strengths compare too unfavorably to the other gods in that role.
Take that Bama	Thanks for reminding me of that game, lol.
I honestly think you might be the only person. 	idk, i don't think that vince's style worked on that beat. that beat was made for a monotone and dreary flow, which is all earl. vince's less dull voice just didn't work for me, and the verse was kinda corny
The poker tournament I am playing in is about to start. Wish me luck!!	Good luck! Hope you get !st place :)
Original Rome had 3, quite sure, and I think so will Rome II.	Just played like 5 minutes ago as Julli and each legionnaire gets 2 pila
Look people! She's a mother of a 19 months old girl, so her opinion on the matter is more important!	Why, you're not 'a nice fella' at all! newlinechar  newlinechar No, but seriously, fuck off.
Your number is worldwide; mine is US (both just approximate--I found other estimates, but they are in the ballpark). So just back-of-envelope, I am assuming they take all their profits worldwide and pay them out to US employees. I know that is a silly assumption--I just was looking for some way to set the profits number and employee number side by side in a way that was intuitively comparable.	I am not sure where you got your figure from either though. This says that there are [760,000 in the United States](http://finance.yahoo.com/blogs/talking-numbers/15-hour-wage-mean-mcdonald-170436977.html). newlinechar  newlinechar Also, you have to figure the difference between the corporation and the franchises. A lot of the revenue the corporation comes doesn't just derive from the share of sales of each store. They also make profits off of things that are expenses for each individual franchise (such as selling products and charging a huge premium for the business itself). That is a bit of a tangent, but you really need to look at each store as a separate business with a separate owner. They all need to make sure cash flow is positive regardless of how well the entire corporation is doing.
I believe Maru's owner is Japanese. I know it's a stereotype, but they do keep their homes clinically crazy clean.	Something to do with not tracking dirt in with your shoes and customarily lining your floors with mats notorious for molding if you don't keep up on it.
yeah because the 5-10 bronies you have met makes up the whole community	And just because there may be some larger people in the brony community that doesn't make the whole community fat. newlinechar 
I know what the question is.  That doesn't make this guy any less crazy for choosing Lesh Mccoy over Biletnikoff. 	How? Because they think of a different player when they see a number? newlinechar That would be like me going 'what song do you think of when you hear the name Eminem?' 'Well I think of still don't give a fuck'. 'Dude are you crazy? Lose yourself is his most popular song ever' newlinechar Just because he doesn't think of a hall of fame player to associate with a number doesn't make him not knowledgeable or crazy. When I think 24 I think of Marshawn Lynch. Is he the best to ever wear the number? Hell no. But it's who I think of. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: fuck swype. It ruins everything.
I think she did a roundhouse kick so fast eren didnt see it. her stance seems like she did when it shows the tree falling.	I believe, that she used her hardening ability to cut through Eren's hand, face and the tree, as with her stance it is probably because after swinging her hand she is off balance. newlinechar Also with her fighting style it definitely [makes it clear](/s 'that annie') is the female titan
Muted flavors and slightly bitter? You may want to change the ratio by upping your dose weight. Fining the grind will always increase your %EXT, increasing your dose will always decrease your %EXT and increase your TDS. newlinechar  newlinechar *e - not always, coffee is fickle and changes when it wants to.	I tighten my grind from this morning, thinking it would get me a better cup. Although there was really no room for improvement now that I think about it. That is why I'll revert to my prior grind settings for my next cup. I think it will keep my TDS while lowering the %ext to a more desirable level. If that does not work out, I'll increase my dose as you suggest. My first cup I had a 17 gram dose to 300 grams of water. The second cup was 17 grams to 313 grams water (got a little careless). My other typical dosing is 25 grams to 350 grams water. This is for the Nel Drip.   
It was definitely worthy of a yellow, but the guy went down so god damn easily, can't be a red.  I could tell he went down easily at full speed, slow motion just confirmed it. newlinechar  newlinechar Crew announcers agree with me btw. newlinechar  newlinechar edit: eh, he was the last defender, it's a rough red but I'm not too mad about it (anymore)	Ironic because Keller agreed with the ref.
But it's strange when people say positions with Italian names given to them, the most common one is trequartista. 	That's because trequartista is essentially a English word now; it's a loanword. The English language is famous for appropriating useful words from other languages.
&gt;Woody Long newlinechar  newlinechar That didn't tip you off?	nope, not even a tip.
He's beautiful, the purple is not exactly common. newlinechar  newlinechar Obligatory questions: newlinechar  newlinechar Tank size? newlinechar  newlinechar Filter? newlinechar  newlinechar Heater? newlinechar  newlinechar Cycled?	tank: 3g soon to be upgraded to a 5g when the finances allow it :) newlinechar  newlinechar filter: yes newlinechar  newlinechar heater: yes newlinechar  newlinechar cycled: yes. newlinechar  newlinechar :)
That's 95% ethanol for anyone who is unsure about the conversion. One shot will hurt, but it won't get you drunk. Two shots, however...	Can you buy that legally?
**QB**: Ponder newlinechar  newlinechar **RB**: Peterson &amp; Gerhart (Asiata &amp; Line UDFA) newlinechar  newlinechar **WR**: Patterson, Wright, Childs, Webb newlinechar  newlinechar **TE**: Rudolph, Ellison newlinechar  newlinechar **OL**: Kalil, Sullivan, Fusco, Loadholt, &amp; Baca newlinechar  newlinechar **DL**: Robison, K. Williams, Floyd, Griffen, Ballard, &amp; Evans (Baker UDFA) newlinechar  newlinechar **LB**: Greenway, Henderson, Mauti, Hodges, &amp; Cole (Dean UDFA) newlinechar  newlinechar **CB**: Cook, Robinson, &amp; Rhodes (Sherels UDFA) newlinechar  newlinechar **S**: Smith, Sanford, Raymond, Blanton newlinechar  newlinechar **ST**: Walsh &amp; Locke (Loeffler UDFA) newlinechar  newlinechar **34 drafted players and 40 that have been here since they were signed in UDFA.** newlinechar  newlinechar * Note: Greg Childs and Christian Ballard are not on the active roster. newlinechar  newlinechar *Edit: I'm bad at counting.	That's actually 40 people when you count UDFA. Discounting Childs (who doesn't count towards the 53), that would be 39/53. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: And 34 people that were drafted by us, unless you didn't point out all the UDFA signings. I'm just counting what you have.
What's your point? One doctor's word is not scripture. There's a reason why scientific textbooks and studies are usually done by a team of doctors. And why '9 out of 10' dentists are needed to say Colgate Total is great, as opposed to just one (an odd metaphor, yes, but you get my point).	The point being that a doctor would know more about how the human body works than the average Joe. 
Grab a drink and have someone else cook your food, youve been on one hell of a ride motherfucker.	I WANT TO GET OFF MR. BONES' WILD RIDE!
You're fine newlinechar  newlinechar fuckingpervet newlinechar  newlinechar I'll send you a PM right now, and you can check out the site, okay? newlinechar  newlinechar ihopehesseriousaboutjoining	Awesome! newlinechar  newlinechar awesomefriends!yaybutnowicanhearmygpascreaming
The best thing I can take out of this is that he is only missing Chivas on Wednesday. 	True, good point.  I put him on my fantasy team because he would play two games.  Best laid plans . . .
I for one am looking forward to this window closing. Its got to the point where Moyes should just put up 30 mil and other teams bid for the funds with their players.	That... Would make things really interesting.
The fact that (presumably in the US..) they result from a 40 hour week is pretty frightening. Sad really, the US was on the front (with others) when it came for the fight for workers rights and indeed for the rights of all people, yet seems to have failed to actually make a lot of what would be seen as a right around the world a reality... newlinechar  newlinechar 	The US wasnt shit for labor rights. They only acquiesced because of serious labor pressure. The US hung the 8 hour committee on trumped up terrorism charges.
I feel a double side car bike is going to have both a harder time avoiding, and recovering than the jeep from the next drunk!  newlinechar  newlinechar Also, I can't even imagine how much turning (or getting boxed in and having to push 1000lb of bike backwards) would suck! newlinechar 	Next mod. Reverse gear!
Cue blowjob from OP thanks whitenight bro	Cue tears and the strong scent of shame.
If you try to roll the bike backwards you'll end up on the floor again. The leverage of the stand should be enough to get it up there. There should be no effort except for the initial balance and your foot on the stand. newlinechar  newlinechar Stand on the kick stand. Once it's firmly planted you can put all your weight on it. For my heavy VFR I used to stand one footed on the thing and the bike would just sort of roll up there. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Also I did exactly the same thing with my first bike. Luckily the ground caught it.	That's partially right, you should be standing on the center stand AND simultaneously lifting the rear of the bike with your right arm.  
what exactly do you mean by excuses every min? From my experience he merely explains every action whether its related to him losing or winning a game. 	Generally when he loses, it's because the guy top decked against him or was stream sniping. He never takes responsibility for example for making the play that gave his opponent 3 outs instead of 1. 
You're so awesome! :) &lt;3 newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks for gifting! :)	No you're awesome! And expect a gift whenever my account is off hold mister!
I literally just logged in to downvote this.	Who actually has to login to reddit
Currently working on a prosthetic RG3 face for white to wear	http://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0070/2812/products/FaceNflpaRgri_large.jpg?499
Apart from the person advertising? newlinechar  newlinechar When ads are blocked at least the person advertising doesn't have to pay, but the app developer doesn't get paid.	You're misunderstanding what he's doing. He's just displaying a picture on top of where the ad lands in whatever app. The ad is still there, just hidden
Here is what I would recommend for a balanced diet: newlinechar  newlinechar Breakfast: 2 eggs + oatmeal (buy some!) + 1 banana/apple or you can make a breakfast wrap with eggs and cheese newlinechar  newlinechar Lunch: Chicken breast/steak + brown rice/potatoes + spinach newlinechar  newlinechar Dinner: Chicken breast/steak + brown rice/potatoes + salad (with spinach, onions, w/e) newlinechar  newlinechar Snack: Whey, peanuts, smoothies, mass gainer or anything else that will help reach your macros	best answer I could ask for...actually used all my groceries, you're the man
I think the USA should go through the U.N. with this first. newlinechar  newlinechar Let's say the proof about the use of chemical weapons isn't good enough (either it's fake as it was for the Iraq or it can't be said who used the weapons) then the USA should probably stay out for now and that's what the U.N. would tell them. newlinechar  newlinechar Let's say the proof is good enough that everyone agrees Assad is using that stuff then the USA will have backup from the U.N. and maybe won't be responsible alone for cleaning up afterwards. newlinechar  newlinechar Sounds like a win win too me.	I say that we just stay the fuck our and let them deal with their own problems. If the USA intervenes, we get hated, if we don't, we still get hated. We aren't your fucking babysitters. The Arabic League (if that's what it's called) can go fuck itself. It has not sent a single damn soldier to help, and they want the US to do it so they can profit.
Let's just hope TCU wins and tgat UT stops whatever this madness is against NMSU. newlinechar  newlinechar 	UT always pulls this their first game. They seem to like dancing on the razor's edge early on.
Trying this now. If it works... newlinechar  newlinechar **EDIT:** Doesn't work for me. I still got average fps of 60 and drops to 1-5 fps every now and then. newlinechar  newlinechar I hate this. I love the game, but it becomes unplayable and I tried ~20-30 suggested fixes till now. God damn it... -.-	What are your specs?
If only Sean Connery would do a video commentary as he played Dark Souls.  Life would be complete	You're the man now dog!
*You.* I didn't say that either. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;People like you are the reason there are introverts. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar **That's** what I said. Nothing more; nothing less. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Ok... you know what you're right! You're totally right!
A director of football is a Baldini type. A negotiator is what you are suggesting and what Arsenal allegedly have in Dick Law. The environment at home games should never be toxic, it is counter-productive. However, i am assured it will be toxic tomorrow as well because it was toxic at Villa.  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: i mean in the context of the interview. The conversation is clearly about a person that would pick and sign players for Wenger.	That's the thing. We already *have* a negotiator. We have a team that works on transfers all year long. newlinechar  newlinechar We have scouts all over the world that pick out players. newlinechar  newlinechar Wenger doesn't do everything all on his own. All he's asking is that he has the final say, which is fair enough for any manager, but especially for Wenger who is one of the most experienced and knowledgeable people working in football. 
[](/sexydrink)Ireland	[](/fs13-r)Hibernia.  My mistake.
[](/twihorror)but i am dee bes	THAT EMOTE MOVES?
Don't forget Rutgers!	Rutgers left us for the Big 10, they're not allowed to be awful! 
Actually, no it doesn't but if you feel that way, so be it. 	&gt; Rhetorical and loaded questions will also be removed newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 
Are these 'mp10 only' rules set by Blizzard, or are they players making 'pretend rules' in their head? newlinechar  newlinechar I presume ladder is more fun to play because your always earning upgrades, and you can view your progress vs other players? newlinechar  newlinechar I guess after 3 years you run out of character slots? Unless you delete all the chars that have been moved off ladder? 	More than likely Blizzard would set these rules.
It's in reverse.	Found a 'reverse delay' on my mustang III amp.  Sounds like what I'm looking for, thanks, 
Does she give you any reason to be concerned?  Give us more details please.	Nothing that my thick skull can see. She has been nothing but faithful. We are sexually active together, I haven't noticed anything suspicious.  newlinechar  newlinechar Is this a subconcious thing? 
Yep she ate allot of pasta that week. I tried to make the menu interesting for her, quinoa salad, tofu stir fry, spinach pumpkin + barley pie, but there's only so much you can do...	Once had to deal with a vegan who was doing Atkins. Found some neat tricks, like taking a veggie peeler to squash to make 'pasta'. newlinechar  newlinechar And she was scary skinny, btw. I'm all Buddha-shaped, but I'd never want to look like that.
Her name is Nicole Mejia. newlinechar  newlinechar [GIF of her wearing black tape](http://i.minus.com/i69j70zGGpDxI.gif) (x-post /r/Hot_Women_Gifs). newlinechar  newlinechar [Black Tape Gallery](http://imgur.com/a/yzEKm)	On behalf of everyone who came to the comment section.. Thank you.
What is he tweeting? newlinechar 	Dolla Dolla Bill y'all. 
I saw Fuel For The Feeding End live. That was prime, but there was a scuffle next to me and it took me out of it.	I love Fuel for the Feeding End. I'm in progress of learning it on guitar.  I hate rough crowds at Coheed shows. I go to watch the band, not to get sweaty and punched in the face. The SSTB Encore show in Brooklyn had lots of pushy people.
The acclimatiser can get most bees to work in most biomes. However, the limitation is that you can only get both_4 for temperature. I guess as long as you live in a normal/normal  biome, any bee can technically grow, with the exception of biome-specific bees. (Such as ender and nether, but I think you would be allowed a single chunk for building in these dimensions too.)	Both_5 for temperature and humidity.  At least, that's what you get when you automate a glacial precipitator / pulverizer for ice/sand into a acclimatizer.
I didn't bother reading the actual paper(s). But I looked through the Table of Contents, and it seems to be purely an economic paper. So anti-capitalist (by the classical definition of socialism) won't find too much in here that will startle them. newlinechar  newlinechar But I am also curious to know what elements of this paper is *supposed* to crush anti-capitalists.	And usually if a capitalist writer takes the time out to mention Keynesianism in great length, they're going to mention 'anti-Capitalism' as 'Socialism' and 'Socialism' simply means totalitarian freedom hatin' commies or something. Or it will be something like 'the lack of a market'. I find such papers irrelevant to my interests usually.
In my opinion, yeah!	Walton was way better than Sabonis
You'll like it much better, corporate stores suck ass 	How so?
Yeah the funny thing as somebody that's always been underweight myself, just like fat people way underestimate their caloric intake, underweight people way overestimate the amount of calories they get per day (but just can't seem to gain weight). It's hard but if you want to gain weight, you have to actually force feed yourself and eventually it will get easier. I did it, and the bodyweight is much easier to maintain than to gain. Also pick things up and put them down. 	www.mynetdiary.com is helpful. You can choose an 'I want to gain weight' option or just 'maintain weight.'  newlinechar  newlinechar I started using it because I felt so weak all the time... I eat mostly fruits and veggies and it turns out I was waaaay below my protein threshold. Once I increased my protein, I started to feel way better. 
Per Field Yates. Makes more sense in this context. 	Yeah, I thought Francis was pretty decent / improving?
I look after a few .NET applications in a sysadmin capacity, and have taken to decompiling their code whenever I hit a problem, because their helpdesk have no idea what they are talking about. Their code is absolutely disgusting. Littered with hardcoded nonsense, variables with names like var1 and var2, and bizarre hacks to fix issues quickly rather than properly.  And this is one of the international companies... the regional software houses are even worse. Multiple products seemed to start life as spreadsheets or Access databases, and just evolved from there, with predictably terrible results(for example, one product has no SQL joins... just keeps running hundreds of queries and filters the data in the code... this product is also used by the national postal service).	&gt; variables with names like var1 and var2 newlinechar  newlinechar Variable names are not included in the compiled assembly so the decompiler has to make them up. newlinechar  newlinechar I would not take the output of a decompiler as an indication of the quality of the source code.
Fuck that.  I've got work at 6am	3 Red Bulls and a 5-hour energy.  Get it done, son. 
More like devolved. If you look past the graphics, modern RPGs like Dragon age, Mass Effect or Fallout 3 don't come close to the same quality of storytelling and dialogue as BG2,  planescape and Fallout 1/2. 	They were targeting mainstream fps fans too much. An RPG  of this class shouldn't be about twitch reflexes and aiming in my book, it makes the break between 'intense' combat and character interaction too severe. newlinechar  newlinechar But I agree, anything but NWN2 is a step back. Can't wait for Project Eternity, I put in on that project the day it was announced by Obsidian.
I don't get it. I've used it before and it was awesome--great quality video and never lagged. So I keep trying but it never works for me any more. 	Looks like he's a moderator on wizwig that's why his streams show up when he isn't broadcasting. We're stuck with the 250kbps flash. Usually the Russians are sopcasting MLS at 1500kbps, but not tonite.  newlinechar  newlinechar http://forum.wiziwig.eu/threads/77454-The-imminent-demise-of-J-s-Analog-Cable-ST
Welcome! Now you're all ★·.·´¯`·.·★verified!★·.·´¯`·.·★  newlinechar  newlinechar Be sure to let me know if you have any questions, we're glad to have you here! newlinechar  newlinechar I've a [post here](http://www.reddit.com/r/gonewildaudio/comments/1g9i28/request_advice_on_posting_and_some_personal/) that has some general advice and requests, if you're at a loss and looking to post.	Yay! Thank you Miss Senna. I feel all warm and fuzzy now. :D
My guess is that $15/hr is just a catchy number that doesn't seem too big to the workers. The more aware workers probably know that number is unfeasible, but sometimes in tense negotiations it can help to hi-ball it. If you ask for 15, they may offer 12 when if you asked for 12, they would offer 9.	I doubt $12 would even really work to be honest. They will be lucky to get $10. $9 probably seems more sure.
You expected something different?	It's just aggravating to see people shit on Mett all last season when his receivers didn't help him out at all.
Really? Just 104?  I was in the palm desert for work and it was 118. I'm from orange county and if I could get along, so could ya'll. So slap that meet on the concrete and let's get this party started! 	Humid heat man.  I'll take 115 deg in Phoenix over 95 in Austin any day of the week.
Then why was this sub upset about not signing Capoue? He was going to Cardiff before Spurs picked him up. 	I don't know. People are fickle. 
Georgi is fucking playing fantastic.  newlinechar  newlinechar I can't remember the last I've been so excited about a female tennis player.	Yeah, same here. I'm really impressed with her hitting. 
When I read this I was confused because Eugene is the name of Blathers in the German version and I didn't know he could send letters.	Using this subreddit must be weird then, because all the jokes are probably different too.
Can't do much with full mount when your fists explode from hitting things.	If he knew how to focus his healing he could have gotten one hand back quick enough to perhaps at least rip out her eyes again and start again on the arms. But since Eren only knows how to berserker, that would never have happened.
C'est pas juste une question de s'occuper des animaux. Les usines à chiots créent des chiens plus aggressifs pour moins cher (les plus fort survivent, les plus faibles ne mangent pas) donc c'est aussi une question de sécurité du public. newlinechar  newlinechar C'est pour ça que quand Martineau s'est mit à chialer contre ça parce que le gouvernement  « s'occupaient des animaux avant les humains », j'avais envie de lui crier par la tête « c'est une loi pour qu'un pitbull mange pas la face de ton enfant, le cave! ».	Tu vois, Martineau, lui, faut pas y donner à manger...
awesome!	theyre up!
You probably thought of this but, if you up voted the post it will be in your 'liked' list under your user overview. 😄	Unfortunately I was on mobile and didn't upvote the post. So that's not the case. Thanks though. 
&gt; Both male and female Qunari options will be available to players newlinechar  newlinechar IIRC females who follow the Qun aren't supposed to be warriors, so I hope they reference that if you decide to make a female Qunari. Always love me some good racism/sexism in games.	I'm guessing that the Qunari you play as is one that has converted to the faith of the Chantry, not a traditional Qunari bound by those rules. You play as the head of the Inquisition, the Chantry's military, so I'm pretty sure you'd have to be a member of the Chantry, haha. 
It's his [secret smoothie recipe.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9fm9hg69mA)	Brandon makes great recommendations. 
How exactly did you fix it?	Go to your games library in Steam. Right click on Civ V. Choose the View Downloadable Content option (second from the top). Go to Local Files in the popup opened by Steam. Select Verify Integrity of Game Cache. newlinechar  newlinechar Steam will spend a few minutes checking that Civ V is good to go. It will not be, Steam will detect the problem, download BNW, and fix it.
It's impressive to see younger people doing anything well. That's why Nyjah Huston blew up in the skateboard world so fast a few years ago. That's why Bobby Fischer is still one of the only chess players people can name. It's why Calvin Cambridge became an NBA SuperStar and overshadowed MJ at 14. Kids doing grown up shit better than their adult counterparts is something everyone wants to see.  newlinechar  newlinechar 	&gt;It's why Calvin Cambridge became an NBA SuperStar and overshadowed MJ at 14. newlinechar  newlinechar Lol
I like scary games. I've played the usual titles and have more or less managed to finish them without losing my mind because I can keep a level of disconnectivity but I think this level of immersion may be to much for me to take. newlinechar  newlinechar I can't wait.	Well it's quite unique gaming experience as it's more skill based than horror games normally are - As the ghost it's all about tactics, planning out your attack carefully, where to position yourself and how you want to influence the player movement. And then on the flip side, as the seekers you have to predict how the ghost is trying to manipulate you! Theres a lot more thinking to it than meets the eye, while still retaining a scary and intense atmosphere without just using jump scares all the time, which is quite refreshing in this genre.
Ah man, that scene. Ugh. I gotta re-watch the wire now.	Fucking Kenard man, they kill off the character that everyone was surprised was alive so long anyway, but still managed to make it shocking.
Great card so far. Hope the main card lives up to its 44.95 it just cost me. 	Buffalo wild wings. 2 beers 10 wings 20 bucks + free wifi
Fuck did I walk into? A goddam Cub Scout jambofuckingree??	Neener neener neener, you don't have a weiner.
At least this means she won't delete her posts?	Oh, nope, deleted.
I misread that and assumed a very different type of  newlinechar &gt; butt stroking. newlinechar  newlinechar Probably would have been a much more effective way of getting themselves kicked out back then.   newlinechar EDIT: formatting errors.  newlinechar 	Same here.  I just couldn't figure out the 'in the ribs part' for a while.
Ooh, I've read about this.  In *some* extreme circumstances, fan death is real. newlinechar  newlinechar If it is very hot (like 110-130F) and you have a fan on in a room with inadequate ventilation, having a fan on could kill you.  Normally, the air *right* around  your body will reach about your body temperature.  Talking a very thin layer of air here.  But that layer keeps your body from being heated up to the 130F room temp.  It insulates you.  So if you fall asleep in such a room, and there's a fan on, it will keep all of the hot air circulating as you sleep.  And eventually your body will run out of sweat, and you will overheat, and die. newlinechar  newlinechar So it is possible.  Usually for the sick, the elderly, or the very young. newlinechar  newlinechar *geez, what are you all upset about.  [Here is what I read about it](http://askakorean.blogspot.com/2009/01/fan-death-is-real.html)	Pretty sure that moving that 'air envelope' is why fans normally cool you off. So, basically, fan in room below body temperature = good, fan in room above body temperature = bad?
I'm 90% certain it was Manefag's story. A few of the posts immediately afterwards mention how they like the idea of Derpy being the town mailmare, directly referencing the fic.	So he just made it up at random?
What is the difference between a hoody and sweatshirt?	I've always seen a sweatshirt as having no hood.  newlinechar  newlinechar 
I think this was the same woman who said that white women couldn't be raped as well? Correct me if I'm wrong.	No idea, I try not to remember these things. 
[Code monkey like Fritos.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5W_wd9Qf0IE)	that was awesome
Your parents were 17 once.  They remember.  I think your mom will be relieved to know that you're protecting yourself.  It's possible that they think you're having sex already without it, so this will just give them peace of mind.	This is very true, and I know my mom has brought it up before. I'm just really worried it will change the way the view my boyfriend or feel like he's pressuring me, which isn't the case at all, and I just don't want them to think that. As you said though, they were 17 once too, hopefully they trust me! Thanks!
I think the point of this post was you're drafting players based on what we knew about them coming into their respective draft. We wouldn't know about Shaq's durability or teammate feuds when drafting him. 	You're right. I misunderstood. 
You, I like you. Well, I already loved you, now I just love you more.	XD &lt;--------------- this is my OMG SO HAPPY face 
I was wrong about two spots. Had Jennings over McDermott, which was a total tossup. Also had Hawkins in and Stupar out. Still not a fan of keeping Stupar; I can only hope they plan on dumping him for Marecic or Dobbs.	I couldn't agree more. Stupar was fucking awful in the first two preseason games, though I must admit he played pretty well against SD
Repost? Really? Because this happened to me today.	Your life and all your experiences are just a repost. Mind blown?
Do you live in a box	I don't... My country just 'happens' to miss out on all the important news and just goes with whatever is on their mind at the moment. Yesterday it was Justin Bieber and sports...
You're right in a way. It does sometimes cause people to hit the gym- because they've internalized that they are somehow worthless if they're not in shape. And that's not cool, at least to me. newlinechar  newlinechar Basically- people should be encouraged to go to the gym because they want to be strong, not because they are ashamed of themselves for being weak. I don't think making people hate themselves is the right way to help them make healthy changes. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm glad it helped you, though.	&gt; I don't think making people hate themselves is the right way to help them make healthy changes. newlinechar  newlinechar It is absolutely not the right way to help people. It's the opposite of the right way. And to be clear, the shame that was put on me as a child was not done with my benefit in mind. newlinechar  newlinechar Now, it seems to me that the general disdain for obese people comes from a biological/evolutionary source. Those who were overweight could not work as hard, or contribute as much physical labor to the society, and so they were shunned. I'd imagine that females have in their genetics a general aversion to obesity as well, as those who were obese would be less likely to be able to support children and would generally live shorter lives. I'm talking before the industrial revolution here. Fast forward to today, and obesity is set to become *the* major health crisis of the 21st century, costing billions in taxpayer moneys.  newlinechar  newlinechar As terrible as it sounds, some of these reasons for disdain make sense to me. Of course, the correct response is to try and help these people - after all, only a tiny, tiny percentage of them actually want to be fat. Unfortunately, we're more impatient than we've ever been, and that will play out in the way we address the obesity epidemic, I'm sure.
I just read an article/study that showed that ketamine helped with depression, but that's entirely different than a bipolar disorder. If he or she says she's been relieved of symptoms, even with irresponsible use, who are you to say that they shouldn't ever do it, having not the disorder they have? 	I'm saying its generally not a good idea to do dissociatives with mental disorders. To each their own though. Namaste.
... 	What is it? I'm too afraid to click it that it's some malware website or a screamer
This is a vole. 	Oh, I totally forgot about voles. Voles resemble a mouse but have a stouter body, a shorter, hairy tail, a slightly rounder head, smaller ears and eyes, and differently formed molars (high-crowned and with angular cusps instead of low-crowned and with rounded cusps). There are approximately 155 species of voles. They are sometimes known as meadow mice or field mice in North America. Vole species form the subfamily Arvicolinae with the lemmings and the muskrats. Voles are small rodents that grow to 3–9 in (7.6–23 cm), depending on the species. They can have five to 10 litters per year. Gestation lasts for three weeks and the young voles reach sexual maturity in a month. As a result of this exponential growth, vole populations can grow very large within a very short period of time. Since litters average five to 10 young, a single pregnant vole can result in a hundred or more active voles in less than a year. Voles are commonly mistaken for other small animals. Moles, gophers, mice, rats and even shrews have similar characteristics and behavioral tendencies. Since voles will commonly use burrows with many exit holes, they can be mistaken for gophers or some kind of ground squirrel. They will readily thrive on small plants. Like shrews, they will eat dead animals and, like mice or rats, they can live on almost any nut or fruit. Additionally, voles will target plants more than most other small animals, making their presence evident. Voles will readily girdle small trees and ground cover much like a porcupine. This girdling can easily kill young plants and is not healthy for trees or other shrubs. Voles will often eat succulent root systems and will burrow under plants or ground cover and eat away until the plant is dead. Bulbs in the ground are another favorite target for voles; their excellent burrowing and tunnelling skills give them access to sensitive areas without clear or early warning. The presence of large numbers of voles is often only identifiable after they have destroyed a number of plants. However, like other burrowing rodents, they also play beneficial roles, including dispersing nutrients throughout the upper soil layers. Unfortunately this guy had a poor ending :/
At least we're in the first world. :/ There are places in developing countries (India and China notorously) where the road planners simply don't give a fuck. There are many instances of entire neighborhoods being surrounded on four sides by eight lane highway. Not even connecting roads, you just wander out across the freeway anytime you need to go anywhere. newlinechar 	That's nuts.  To consider myself fortunate to be able to get somewhere safely under my own power is wrong on so many levels. newlinechar  newlinechar I spent most of my life in dense urban areas so bus, subway, and walking is a very natural or obvious mode of transport for me at least in the city. Well, at least until I took up biking. That changed everything.  newlinechar  newlinechar These tend to be older cities that grew up before the advent of automobiles and suburban flight so streets tend to be laid out in grids. Very walkable because that's how people got around. 
Not that anyone cares... Amanda is suffering from Borderline personality disorder(google it).  She should never have been put on this show. I am not an apologist and do not excuse her behavior.  I am just saying....	Any proof for this or are you just a keyboard-psychiatrist?
Who cares (shop or not), it's Arnold 	Who cares that it's shopped? It makes him look terrible, too big and disproportionate. 
Is he in the midst of a pay for autograph scandal too? Was he suspended for half a game to the detriment to his team?	well he does have a lot of signed memorabilia on ebay as well and I dont see the NCAA handing out half games to Clowney, Boyd, Braxton, or McCarron.  Also A&amp;M suggested that to the NCAA officials basically to help them save face. Do you all forget so easily? Its not like Manziel is the only player signing things a lot. Innocent till proven guilty by the way.
Christmas	Oops. For some reason I thought he meant pints. Didn't even see the word Christmas.
My United Airlines flight back from Frankfurt was delayed by two hours, which would have made me miss my connection back to Michigan.  Instead of fixing it properly, they changed my flight to a Lufthansa one instead, which *also* meant that I couldn't get to my connection in time, and they knew it.  I told them it wouldn't give me enough time but the people at the United counter told me to not worry and I'll make it just fine.  Total bullshit.  So when I get to DC and I miss my flight, United claims it isn't their fault and that Lufthansa should arrange my way home.  Lufthansa says its United's fault because they were the ones that switched my flight.  So I had to do some yelling at the United people, I was almost making a scene.  I finally got their head supervisor there and he gave me a hotel and food vouchers for the night and booked me a flight home in the morning.  Had I not made a scene, I'd be stuck here in DC having to pay for another way home because United Airlines is shady as fuck. newlinechar  newlinechar TL;DR:  Don't fly United Airlines.  They are tricksters and will fuck you over without another thought.	Man! Traveling is an adventure but when it's your last leg of an adventure and all you can think about is home, everything is that much more of a battle. I'm glad you're Stateside and have accommodations for the night. 
Sure, sure--I just wanted you to know which ones I was talking about--the last one was amazing--did you really think you'd get it to come out as good as it did--with the violet coloured flower in your metallic blue hair, blue Jeans jacket, white glasses, of course, and the perfect shade of green leaves in the back ground--I don't know what's making it look so perfect though--everything that you're wearing, is actually making nature look more alive, lol--when it should been the other way around, shouldn't it?	Ha I found a loophole. newlinechar  newlinechar That last picture is edited to look that way...I don't remember exactly what I did because I usually do multiple things on different layers to get it where I want.  Looks like I probably messed with Hue, Saturation and the Brightness and contrast.
Just to make sure we're clear, I'm referring to anal.	...uhh..'in'novation?
I think I missed something somewhere, sorry if I did... but where to?	France - it's a year abroad thing for her college course.
in what sense did he make him look useless ?	he played really, really, REALLY well against him, his confidence dropped and never recovered.
Delaware is FCS, technically Division I. Don't down vote the guy for being right.	Thanks for saving my ass back there. Ravens fans are scary.
...so, you basically just hang out in a chart room talking about Justin Beiber and how everything is lame omg until some pedo starts chatting you up? newlinechar That's a weird job.	Haha yeah... So you like Justin's tooo? How awesome we have soooo much in common!
[you must do as Ru commands](http://24.media.tumblr.com/6a3f75ebb1e29312fa9832114150f7ca/tumblr_mme96v9gNB1qlvwnco1_500.gif)	[Ermm...](http://i.imgur.com/jcDxFkP.gif)
Better call Saul and fix that link	D'oh, i had two imgur windows open and copied the wrong one.  Fixed now!
you saw the replays, don't lie, you know it wasn't. 	I thought that was a catch
Wow, is badkids so poor off?  That video says it went up in February and it only has 500 views.  What gives?	All of the Bad Kid related channels got taken down, that channel just reuploads them all. The original video had around 100k views.
The dog warden picked him up while I was at school, and my pop made up the usual story.It was some version of he's going to a better place. I stopped listening after I hear they took him.	Shit, man. newlinechar  newlinechar Well, there is a (small) chance that he may have been adopted. 
I remember reading somewhere on Reddit that avocados are poisonous to almost all animals except humans and (may be wrong on this part) shrinks your penis, so... 	It's definitely wrong...
Heading to bangers and lace	Now at short bar
*Jerry! Jerry! Jerry!*	No, no, NO! Of course he's not the boy's father! Look at the turn-ups on his jeans!!
[I wannna hold your hand](http://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/beatles/iwanttoholdyourhand.html)I wanna  newlinechar  newlinechar These lyrics are so creative and awe-inspiring. The concept of holding ones hand is so wild and rebellious its making me edgy. newlinechar  newlinechar And yes, I am making myself seem like a douche. 	Yeah, because you just generalized a whole band with one song. Listen to more of their stuff dude! Across the Universe, Revolution, Let it Be, Eleanor Rigby, Paperback Writer.... They were great!  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: And remember, in the 50s... Holding hands was pretty rebellious and edgy!
You actually have to go east to win. In one of the videos I saw taking the province 'Syria' was a province you had to take as Carthage for military and economic victory conditions (I don't know about philosophical, they didn't show that victory conditions.)	Well I try not to watch many videos to keep some of the surprise. Now that you say it will be interesting to see the victory conditions...also economic victory lol good one :P 
We do lease Minuteman ICBMs. That much I know.	[citation needed]
Alice madness returns is a messed up game Especially the ending.	Madness Returns is like my thoughts captured into a video game. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: revised comment to make it sound better  
That was one of the things that blew me away too.  Also that he wrote those iconic guitar riffs that in my head, somehow are either two guitars or synths.	Its crazy how I never knew his name. Definitely underrated
Also why do peole sometimes go in left handed? I don't card if your a lefty I have no sympathy for those who do that. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Ok maybe that's a bit extreme but you get the point	Yea sometimes I don't think and I go in left handed. Then I walk away saying 'I'm sorry ill go back to my lefty leper ways'.
lol wut? it was textbook, not a defenseless player even. 	he got flagged because after the play was over he pushed his facemask into him, not because of the tackle
Sorry to inform you, but most of fugitive recovery agents we've encountered think of the job like 'bounty hunters'. newlinechar  newlinechar As in playing old west, acting stupid. We run into or have had the random good one assist us, but that seems to be the exception, not the rule.	Wasn't the answer I was hoping for, but thanks anyway.  I'll just have to make sure I never end up popular enough that people with guns want to find me.
And people on Windows who use German enough to know the alt-codes by heart	I thought German is all caps and replace all the S's with Z's?
What the fuck, answer the man	Its been 2 hours, he must have gotten something really fucking good to eat.
I guess the back story was that he had been ruthlessly heckling everyone all week and this was him kind of him getting a taste of what he was doing to everyone else. 	Oh? How do you know that?
Can I join in?	Take that 'l' out of your name and join the party. 
Return to Oz (1985)	Why doesn't this have more votes? This is as creepy as shit. First of all Dorothy is taken to a MENTAL institution where they're pretty much planning to shoco therapy/lobotomise her, then there's the woman who can switch through the screaming heads... it's a horrific movie!
So you're saying fat acceptance is about accepting fat people, not 'accepting people for who they are'; that's my point. 	Accepting people for who they are applies to everyone, that's the point, if the person is fat then you're excepting that fat person for who they are.
Why are you so sure you know what other people are thinking? Fallacious expectations aside, people prioritizing low filesize over quality with decent download time have found exactly what they're looking for with YIFY uploads.	No, people prioritizing low filesize over quality with decent download time would download 720p, or plain old xvid. At least it'd have a chance of being half-decent quality.
Well yes, but really I'm not. I'm just willing to set down and do something until I get it right. I would like to think I did a good job on this. 	You did a sick job on this. Lol
I haven't heard about this. What happened?	I'm unfamiliar with what happened in Poland and East Germany, but in West Germany they generally had to serve out the rest of their sentences as they were convicted criminals.
If UGA's defense plays like this, we'll do it either way.	I dunno. Y'all looked pretty rough against UNC the other night
ESPN3?	Its WatchESPN only this year. You have to have a cable provider (no Satellite). The stream does look great using my AppleTV. Plus they don't play commercials, just pictures and some elevator music.
Pretty sure the mods deleted it, because it became our most upvoted post ever, because the gooners got it to like +2000.	Those bastards.
shitty is as much of an art as true irony is. She's elegant, but fickle. Sincerity and misplaced enthusiasm are her left and right hands.	I want to write this on a plaque and mount it on a freakin wall xD
You aren't disadvantaged, you would have to travel anyway. The alternative is making Geelong travel to etihad, which disadvantages them. Since they would have similar crowds, they decided to give Geelong the reward they deserve, and a home final. The afl aren't discriminating against you, they would do that to any club if they thought they wouldn't get a crowd.	I don't think freo supporters are complaining about the outcome.  They're upset that if it was Geelong v Pies it'd be at the MCG.  And that's a fair point IMHO.
and then there's some people that just don't comment very much...	CRIPPLING DEPRESSION
We'll be picking up some other team's cast-offs this week.  There are a lot that made the 53 that won't be there at the end of the week.  This is a good example. 	Indeed. But it'd be a wasted opportunity for laughter to not make the most of something this screwy. newlinechar  newlinechar Apparently, we're trying to get a draft pick for one of our punters. Seems entirely unlikely to happen.
The problems that he talks about in the video are somewhat unique to Battlefield because it started life as a PC game and the PC version is generally considered superior. That's not really the case with CoD. LoL is only on PC. So I feel like he is complaining about something that is typical of the entire PC platform (elitists) and painting the Battlefield community in a bad light. newlinechar  newlinechar He also downplays any notion of the immaturity/kids/frat bros etc... on the consoles as if it's no big deal. It's a huge deal. It's why I refuse to buy any multiplayer console game. I don't look down upon those who choose to play console versions, but those same players should not be offended when PC players point out player counts and map size. The games, despite being similar, play differently. newlinechar  newlinechar In the end, people didn't like his videos so he uses the community as a scapegoat. Lazy train of thought and, in the end, no better than the people he is complaining about. 	I saw a post by Wintergore where he called the 'console' gamers he was playing against bots and he get's upvoted for it. newlinechar  newlinechar Great community where insulting someone's platform of choice get's you support.
There's only so far you can defocus. You've got more range the other way. newlinechar  newlinechar Right now if I defocus as far as I can, the resulting two images of my computer screen are still overlapping ~90% horizontally. newlinechar  newlinechar If I *focus* instead, I can separate them completely with nearly an entire computer screen sized gap in between them.	I've been defocusing for years now. I can force it wayyyy past normal, so for me it's easier. YMMV I guess.
Wait...who was the Indian guy, his lawyer?	Nope just some random dude we've never met.
&gt;Solar Fleet allied with Black Legion     newlinechar  newlinechar Correct, also most of the russian are going to be joining, the russians have kissed and made up.  They acutally did a combined super / titan move op to somewhere down south (our eyes lost them) newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;taking on NCdot in Querious newlinechar  newlinechar NC wont be fighting for querious.  TBH honest NC. have known about BL being hired for about a week.  They actually expected that the russians and BL would hit the NC northern holdings,  then hitting querious instead is a surprise to the rank and file NC pilots like me newlinechar  newlinechar Init who are newest goon pet have the most to lose as they have been eyeing off querious, be interesting to see where things go,  NC. actually respect the russians and asked to help sure they would jump at the chance.  As long as it doesn't put blues / current holding in jepardy (NC have no interest in querious, we just accidentally ended up with querious)	ncdot running away again before even a shot is fired. newlinechar  newlinechar gg ncdot.
what is this from?	I am guessing Swindle but could be wrong haven't seen it yet but have seen a couple pics on here from Swindle this past week. 
Little Hank and little john have a fish.	[Lil Jon?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=PoWEESRrNK8#t=30)
Leapfrog isn't hard, amateur. 	I laughed
The trick is microwaving some raw chicken livers, then filling the vagina cavity with them. Gives a very realistic feel. Just don't get them too hot. Wouldn't wanna burn your dinger!	Ah yes, that's happened a few too many times...
Qop can't blink offensively as blink is the only protection from a combo. However it's more so that tusk doesn't lose the lane at lvl 1 compared to other mids	That's not really saying much since Qop has very little reason to blink aggressively in the laning phase. 
Maybe they were blind!? 	I think the look scared people a bit at the time. 
This is Reddit. We don't use hash tags instead of words.	unless we are telling someone how to access their voicemail.
Bull snakes can get quite large and are defensive of their ground. Unless they are in immediate danger when I find them I leave them alone.  newlinechar  newlinechar http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bullsnake	A fine plan. They also look like diamondbacks, which provides all the more impetus to leave them alone. 
It's nice to see him giving his all this match.	Him and Mauro link up quite nicely. We have the quality in ten men to beat a full strength Columbus team. That was a fucking gift of a fucking red card.
Thank you so much. I had forgotten how bad it was when my meds weren't kicking in/when I was off my my meds. I went from minor mood swings, anxiety and meltdowns while I was on my meds to full blown rapid-cycling (which is so exhausting, it really wears you down) and mixed episodes and not wanting to be alive. I had a long talk with my SO last night, and it helped a lot. newlinechar  newlinechar You guys are so wonderful, I love this subreddit so much. It makes me feel like I am not a crazy freak, reminds me that I am normal, I just have some problems. *Hugs*	UP, thank you so much for the hugs, and I love you too--rapid-cycling, mixed-episode, anxiety-ridden, meltdown-throwing, beautiful--BIPOLAR person... you're amazing, you know that--just how you are... much love, and an extra-long hug!!!
Rofl it's hilarious when all of these people are upset about stacking stars and then cite Magic and Larry as examples of 'doing it right'. 	Larry and Magic didn't leave their teams in their primes to team up. Their teams were built by the draft. 
[This](http://i.imgur.com/2q8fjxG.png) is sort of a cheat sheet on the rules, but I'm not sure if you already know this or not. Honestly, if you want to be immersed in college football head over to [/r/cfb](/r/cfb) right here on reddit. 	Great graphic!
That looks like a Reassembling Skeleton, but worse.	[](/fluffle-r)True. I think he was supposed to be more of a joke anyway. ;P
Then why is it called *men*strual? 	Manstrating.
[](/flutterumm)Because.	[](/sadjack)I don't like it.
That combined with the presence of hair!	Whales don't have hair and they are mammals. The definition of a mammal is an animal that suckles from it's mother and is live birthed. Of course there is probably a few exceptions to this rule, but on a general sense that's how they are defined.
Wake up.	truth. I can never wake up or leave my apt on time.
&gt; effect newlinechar  newlinechar DotA1 had advantages that helped them grow massive just by word of mouth alone. newlinechar  newlinechar [Here's why Dota 2 hasn't overtaken DotA1 in one of the largest DotA regions in the world.](http://www.neutralcreeps.com/2013/08/dota-2-in-philippines.html) newlinechar  newlinechar LoL upped the stakes by not relying on word of mouth alone. Look at what happened to S2's Heroes of Newerth. That's a game that didn't adapt to how the industry is played.	Lol. I've read that article a few days back when it was first posted here and being Filipino I fully agree with all it's points. newlinechar  newlinechar Looks like Valve does need to step up in the Marketing Department. They're doing it in China/Korea through Perfect World/Nexon respectively so why not do it in the other regions, word of mouth and competitions aside?
Yeah, I saw that, but I wasn't sure if that meant 'works in the same city/office I do' or 'works with the nation-wide task force that I do'.	I assumed it meant working in the same office, but having read your post, now I am confused too...
Schizophrenia. Not even once.  newlinechar  newlinechar Me neither. 	Psh, that's what they all say. 
No you're awesome! And expect a gift whenever my account is off hold mister!	Um... Nope. :) newlinechar  newlinechar You are **forbidden** to gift me. There. I said it. Gift other people. :) &lt;3
Lol, my 328 convertible isn't a comfortable ride. Low profile tires + runflats + sports package is anything but comfortable. So I don't think the m3 is a comfortable car, the new 3 series isn't as rough though. 	Well, comfortable for a given value of 'comfort'.
Look up black face in google images	I know what black face is, I just don't see them doing that intentionally. 
Sounds like you were fucking your brother's secret. I would candidly ask your brother the extent of the relationship because something in the story isn't adding up.	That's kind of what I'm getting out of this. newlinechar  newlinechar *'Sneaked through a window thinking his friend was inside his room listening to music.'* What? Who does that? Is this [Clarissa Explains It All](http://i.imgur.com/tNPWJd2.png) or something?
Lombardozzi is not an every day player. Walters is ATROCIOUS defensively. Espinosa is obviously a wild card. I dunno.	Danny has the best potential still, I think. On both sides of the ball. I wish he would just get the shoulder surgery this offseason.
I think I'd be afronted if I asked about one product and got told. 'No, we aren't going to talk about that, you should play it's biggest rival instead' newlinechar  newlinechar That'd be like asking about the Red Sox and being told that you should support the Yankees instead	Or they just don't know there's a rivalry in the first place? To them both games are just moba and considered the same.
[Gunsmith Cats](http://www.mangaupdates.com/series.html?id=1165). The main character often stops to tell about the gun she's using, or the ammo or anything related to it. It also has gun info at the end of the volumes if I remember correctly. The author really poured his heart into making the guns (and cars) look like their real life counterparts. newlinechar  newlinechar If you like the manga, be sure to read the sequel and watch the OVA's as well.	&gt; The author really poured his heart into making the guns (and cars) look like their real life counterparts. newlinechar  newlinechar And Chicago, too. A friend of mine from there read it while he was overseas on student exchange, and it actually made him really homesick, because he could recognize about 90% of the places they go, even just incidental locations. And if he didn't know them by sight, he knew where they'd be.
As I've said if you go in with that kind of mindset then you are not playing games right especially not this game.  newlinechar  newlinechar The goal of Dayz is not the get the best gun and kill other players.The goal in Dayz is to create nerve wreaking excitement and terror(see quote from Barry Lopez's 'Flight') and to create an environment that encourages cooperation but at the same time rewards selfishness.  newlinechar  newlinechar Now I'm not going to say that Dayz nailed it on its execution but this was the point of the game or at least the best way to create an interesting game out of the mechanics established.  newlinechar  newlinechar Dayz does have a goal its just a bit more abstract than a list of quests/missions.	Well it's still going to viewed as ultimately pointless by most gamers, by some point in time of playing.. I completely see where you're coming from, but DayZ will never the next huge game, unless it is truly polished in a way that more casual gamers could play it.  newlinechar  newlinechar I'm sure everyone who has played DayZ for more than a few hours can say that they have experienced that nerve wrecking excitement as well as terror, but even that eventually wears off, leading to pointlessness. You can only be permadead so many times before getting sick of it. newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks for the debate, but I don't want to go on anymore. 
[Still haven't transcribed this, have you?](http://www.reddit.com/r/mylittleandysonic1/comments/1let89/this_is_a_fgt_test/cbymalw)	fuk u m7 i read reel gud sware on me mum
Seriously, do we really want to make this sub an NSA circlejerk too? Most of the normal and sane subscribers left /r/politics a long time ago. The type of people left aren't really our target audience. 	&gt; do we really want to make this sub an NSA circlejerk too? newlinechar  newlinechar Of course not. We're all statists here and love everything the US gov't does. 
I was thinking I might put my hammock there, and yell at people who try to cut through to get off my lawn.  I hear it's a lot of fun.  :)	Ah, hammocks... best thing ever :)  It isn't the same if they are not between two trees though... those frames they sell just make hammocks look silly somehow.
That's what they want you to think. Ed never left!	Ed is actually in an underground bunker, running a large scale rumour ring in order to hide our true targets. Codename 'The Mirror.'
Yea, i meant is it a real yixing clay? where can a get a good quality yixing pot then?	You can get good Yixing one of two ways. [1] Pay lots of money dealing with a known reputable dealer or [2] deal directy with a dealer in person and get a good price. newlinechar  newlinechar [2] is difficult and requires experience. Even if you are in Asia you have to be able to evaluate pots. newlinechar  newlinechar I've bought from JingTeaShop.com before. Check them out for an idea of a high quality online shop. They are not cheap ;)
twice!	Game of the Century of the Week.
No! Lets let everyone disregard the rights of many in the name of the fantasy life of a few or else they'll all die!!!	How is someone being transgender disregarding the rights of many?
Have you been in this guys situation? I haven't... and fuck i really hope it never happens. But i am pretty sure (It's only been ~ 8 days has it?) that his emotions right now are completely messed up, with the fact that he doesn't even know if the child will be his. Maybe his thought process right now is rational for this situation right now, don't be so quick to judge.	Yeah but even if it's his, he's stated quite clearly he's not getting involved. That's more of a reflection on him. newlinechar  newlinechar And applying for divorce in 8 days? That's weird. There's more to this story..
It plays similarly, but I did the same as you. Completed fc3 100%. The mechanics are all there. But the story is brilliantly cheesy and a pure 80's, daft punk, tron-bortion. Basically you are doing similar things but I think the story and added features (blood dragons and weapons) make up for it. Also its easy to complete over a couple days. Less if you play a lot. I bought it at full price on release day. Considered buying it again when it was 7 bucs on PS+ after my Xbox red ringed in July.	Well, I think you won me over with 'tron-bortion.' Also, I feel your red ring pains. I'm on Xbox #2 myself.
Basically you're a weak man and always consider the woman right. It's bitches like YOU who ruin it for real men.	I have much to learn, Mr. Real Man.
Illerminaty	For reference: http://imagehaul.com/thehauls/648b273f72d906a69b08157e0f713d35.jpg
dude what's with the creepy black guy memes?	http://i.imgur.com/wb3sMt5.jpg
your not very bright he gave the material to certain agencies whom are leaking it bit by bit.... newlinechar  newlinechar he did all his bits and now sits around laughing at you not having known that	You're* not  newlinechar  newlinechar who* not whom. newlinechar  newlinechar and you forgot a period. C'mon man. 
Dude, you're out of your mind.  The Godfather I and II are works of art.	It insists upon itself.
It was probably just a single guy, that's even more impressive: http://worldnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/07/30/19772415-france-steps-up-border-security-in-136m-diamond-heist-manhunt	If it was one guy...wow. Talk about a **fucking massive heist.**
I'll be there at midnight, I'll bring the margarita mix and rubber hippo.	Looking forward to the margaritas, and now my rubber giraffe has a mate, lovely.
Rutgers left us for the Big 10, they're not allowed to be awful! 	No one told them!
If you kill a bunch of people, and save certain assassination targets like [Daud then the outsider shows up and tells you that he pretty much doesn't understand you or what the the hell you're trying to accomplish](/spoiler). I played the game a really weird way apparently.	Thats hilarious. Now I have to replay the game again and do this.
Intentionally unintentional. 	Intentionally Unintentional Intentions?
Had to do it [NSFW version](http://imgur.com/yd8iwDx,f8THt7L#1).	You can see both by just clicking next in the album. Since most users will look at an entire album, you should probably mark this NSFW.
I'm so sick of this onesie phase that so many people seem to be currently enjoying.	Chill out, brotato
The composition is terrible, the proportions of Joker's face is absurdly large compared to the torso, the vectoring of the suit is sloppy, the silhouette/posture is more GQ than joker, the type choice doesn't fit the background, the vector style, or the background, the type treatment itself is nothing special and the typesetting is straight up abhorrent, the background looks like something straight off a google image search for grunge, but worst of all—past all the little wrongs and flaws is that there is no cohesive style in this whole composition.	Not to mention that the quote is a very simple one. 'Decrease order --&gt; More chaos'.
[What do they say about British teeth..?](http://i.imgur.com/ZNEM3k8.jpg) 	I thought your post was gunna be the [Big Book of British Smiles](http://vimeo.com/66749533).
Step 1: Take .zip or folder newlinechar Step 2: Place .zip or folder in 'resource packs' newlinechar Step 3: ???? newlinechar Step 4: Profit	That's my problem. Step 3. I place it in the folder, I go into the game, I open 'resource packs' and all I see is 'Default' 
I have a question... Will I be able to stick that product up my butt, like the product that we all just saw?	YES.
Mind if I ask you guys a question? It's completely unrelated to what you asked for. How does one become a poly? What made you choose to become one? I've also been running situations in my head about this lifestyle questions such as 'how does one live like that?' and 'How do you find such people to accept your lifestyle?'. Please help me understand, this is not a troll question but as far as learning I would love to learn about polyamorous marriages.	Sure. No problem. newlinechar  newlinechar For us, it started with sex. After 12 or so years of marriage. We decided to open up and explore. It started as a swinger style arrangement, but we quckly gravitated more toward polyamory. newlinechar  newlinechar By contrast, my girlfriend and her husband have been open since day one. newlinechar  newlinechar Everyone is different. Thats the real beauty of it. Open relationships are non-traditional and are thus totally flexible and customizeable. Every open relationship is different depending on the wants and needs of thos in it. newlinechar  newlinechar We live in an interesting day and age where more and more non-traditional relationships are becoming more and more mainstream. Same-sex, poly, swinging, interratial.. you name it. Its all becoming more. Common and more acceptable. newlinechar  newlinechar If this is something that interests you, I'd suggest bouncing around the internet and reading. There are a lot of great resources,  blogs, sites and info out there. newlinechar  newlinechar And yes, there is always /s/polyamory too. newlinechar  newlinechar Have fun. :)
And theres just so much to the lifestyle. So many different ways of taking it. From bongs to fruit. The people you meet from doing it. How anyone can do it and still be themselves but also be part of something bigger. Like rappers do it, punks do it, rasta people do it. They are all completely different kinds of people but are all liked together by smoking that wonderful plant  :)  I could talk about marijuana related subjects all day haha	I've seen so many fruit bongs on Trees it's unbelievable. I didn't even know you could do that. I knew you could use plastic bottles and stuff, but a carrot? Trees has definitely opened my eyes. Before this I though all people who smoke weed where chavs and alcoholics, and I'm pretty sure I swore I would never do it haha.  
making glitch art by screwing with data, I'm new to this sub	Databending. There are some cool/helpful links in the sidebar if you want to start messing with it.
That was an awesome response to one of the most overused comments on reddit. Good for you. Let the kids downvote you. Karma is only redeemable for high school kid amazement. 	10/10. Would read again. and again.
i would add that the target of the spells becomes self only, and possibly add a stipulation that only 3rd level spells or lower can be cast, this would keep a bit of exploiting away newlinechar  newlinechar also i would remove the requirement for haste, having time stop makes it make sense that everything is cast at once so haste as well makes it a bit redundant;  instead add [Imbue with Spell Ability](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/magic/all-spells/i/imbue-with-spell-ability) which is the required spell for a ring of spell storing.	Well the robe stored offensive spells in the game and this is just something I threw together. If you'd like to modify it go ahead. 
Nah, they do(and did for my past cats). I know for sure one of them hunts birds.	Yea but it's the act of leaving it lying around for you to see that (anthropomorphically speaking) means they like you, it's much the same as when they leave shit on the floor in a really open area, that's not arbitrary, that means fuck you. In saying that behavioural science is essentially speculative, thats not to say studies arent important or inherently accurate when done right, but giving meaning to an action that we don't do ourselves as a species is floored.
Worst part is he's a talented doctor in his field but decided that makes him an expert in everything else	You posted that comment twice.
Thank you, this is great. Although I'm not sure this meets my needs, since the issue we were having was with the linux module nf_conntrack. For whatever reason, our devices were tracking TCP connections in bridge mode as well, and the connection table was maxing out, causing the AP to drop packets. newlinechar  newlinechar I think this has since been resolved with our devices by disabling ip_tables in bridge mode, but we have some hotel sites where the modems start dropping packets after a while when our gateway hits a certain number of open tcp connections. To reproduce the issue, the only method I could think of was to Bittorrent (legal) torrents and increase the number of connections to the maximum amount. newlinechar  newlinechar Is there any other software out there that can open thousands of unique tcp/udp connections? newlinechar  newlinechar Maybe I should put this in a separate post actually...	Backtrack 5 - free newlinechar Use one of their DoS programs. only can be used on local IP unless you hack it 
Ah you star! Thanks newlinechar 	Sure, no problem. Thanks for the reddit gold!
I just googled something extremely random and I have no idea what that page I visited was about other than horses. Sounds like a good time	I'm pretty sure it ended up in the inevitable creation of horse girls. newlinechar  newlinechar In case you don't know what horse girls are, [here's a handy explanation for you from Urban Dictionary.](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=horse%20girl)
'You see it's called a binary compensation plan.'	'I chipped in a thousand bucks and I've almost doubled my money in a couple of months. Plus I know this guy, he goes to my school and he has been in the bussiness for over two years. He makes 25k a month. He showed me his account balance.'
Love me some dominoids	Those are hemorrhoids.
I've got presale GA tickets as well! Does anyone know how early I should show up to pick up the tickets?	Probably about 30-45 minutes. I've showed up that early to other shows to pick up my tickets and still have time to spare. 
was thinking the same thing!	so was I!
I'm 15, but didn't start actually watching hockey until the 2011 season. I watched only ducks games before that. Thank you for not being a jackass and downvoting me for asking who he is.	Well you kinda worded it like a jackass
[](/babshug)Man, Babs is getting more and more adorable to me.	[](/babssmile) Once her accent finally ruptures your eardrums, all you're left with is the sweet asynchronicity of her color scheme and relatable personal conflict. Dat's awright. newlinechar  newlinechar Plus those goddamn freckles mmmmnh
[](/abbored) There's really two sides to it: some people are afraid of ongoing noise, some of sudden loudness. I'm in the latter category, thankfully.	Good, that means you can still enjoy the glory of [Luca Turilli](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i45qUUI1blA&amp;list=PLEBFF7F2EE6295F6F). Also, Legend of Steel has a forty second  intro then a sudden change into metal. So just telling ahead of time so you aren't too startled, [K?](http://waktattoos.com/large/Calligraphy_tattoo_445.gif)
Ass always on my mind dawg.	I see my teachings have spread far and wide
I am not allowed to exercise too much, per my doctor's orders, because I faint when I do. I try to walk around the park next to my house a couple times, which helps. I haven't been able to listen to some of my favorite music, play my favorite games or read my beloved books because it just depresses me. But I will get through this. I am not going to give up. &lt;3 newlinechar  newlinechar Love you too, dear.	:( I'm glad you've been able to get outside once in a while. Have you tried any of Amazon's free music or grooveshark to get into bands you don't already know? &lt;3 I could recommend a few if you want. Love you lots. You're a trooper.
would be hilarious if eren just keeps getting saved then eaten again later and it keeps repeating.	Now that you mentioned it...
I agree with that, but they are consistent.  Just not consistent with the rule book.  If they were consistent with the rule book pitchers would have to come inside which is fine by me. newlinechar  newlinechar But this is the way it is.  I'm not arguing with anybody.  All I'm saying is Murphy hasn't been able to make the adjustment when other left handers have.  When he has in the past.  Nothing new here.	And I bet if that Ump would've never called that a strike against another lefty like Cano, but because Murphy is marginal he calls all sorts of junk strikes.
so it was literally, too ambitious. newlinechar  newlinechar my point is that, something trying to be too ambitious IS a bad thing. Just look at all the bad press it got.	No, it was killed by the desire for marketing and a larger audience. newlinechar  newlinechar They could have just released the E3 demo and it would have been better than what we got.
STOP LIKING THINGS I DONT LIKE GOD DAMN IT newlinechar  newlinechar I WILL HURT YOU newlinechar  newlinechar [](/rdrage)	[](/uwotm8) OH YOU WANNA GO BITCH?
Do you not live in a town with bike lanes? Where I live, biking is very prominent and respected, but there are a lot of hipsters, so it makes sense. But point being, bike lanes are very good at making driving for both cyclist and motorist convenient. 	Where I live now they are interspersed throughout the city, but I would still never test my luck. Where I used to live we didn't have lanes but we had tons of bike clubs and races come through--it's one of those small nor-cal wine towns). I almost ran over my fair share of spandex there. They never stopped for stop signs, clog sections of the roads forcing driver into opposing lanes, and one time ths guy pulled across 3 lanes of a 45mph zone going maybe 15mph, long story short it was almost tour de splat. I understand what he did was legal, but I don't think it should be. 
Someone I know told me 'I was going to look for a job, but I can make more on unemployment and not have to do anything. When that runs out there's always welfare.' 	https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/anecdotal
I don't think he was looking for sources, I think he was just pointing out that MLP is a show about pink ponies made for little girls no matter how much you try to justify watching it. newlinechar  newlinechar You like a show about pink ponies, who gives a fuck? Don't try to be something you're not. 	I figured, but I just really like citations.[](/twiright) 
Hopefully it pisses him off enough he gets a chip on his shoulder and can pitch with confidence again. He lacks it and it shows. 	I think we need to literally put a chip in his shoulder. newlinechar  newlinechar With an axe. newlinechar  newlinechar We need to chop his arm off. newlinechar  newlinechar ^kidding
Wait until you're in Pandoria between 85-89. That's where they farm. That's where you die. Alot. 	I died more in cata zones than anything else. It's gotten to the point that I level strictly through dungeons 80-85. I won't step foot into a cata zone. 
I'd go with Ahmad Bradshaw as well. Based purely on the opposition, Cleveland has a relatively stout run defense.	What this guy said
The stache was bad luck. This is a full on beard! 	Yeah, he's going all 'poorly cast porn lumberjack' this year. That's absolutely going to be the reason we win it all!
TIL there are a lot of players named Glassjaw in Steam. =P newlinechar  newlinechar I'm trying to add you so we can play.	I too do not know which Glassjaw to add.
On behalf of everyone who came to the comment section.. Thank you.	Don't forget the people who came in the comment section.
*holds up spork*	I swear to fuck...
I'm saving that for future use.	800 numbers can actually use 555, so it might actually be a real number. They had that problem in 'The Last of Us' where the phone numbers on in-game billboards (1800-555-****) linked to actual phone sex hotlines. 
The TOBS is definitely a quality cream. I'm almost through my tub. I'm from Las Vegas, so I used it because I also had hard water. It works very well, there's a reason why it's popular. I bought the Barrister and Mann now that I'm back at school in DC and have soft water. To be honest, I haven't found a cream/soap other than col conk with a bad lather (and that was because I didn't realize I had hard water). It's just a matter of slick vs cushion. TOBS is more slick to me. Barrister and Mann is more in between, but leaning towards cushion. As with anything, YMMV. newlinechar  newlinechar Leisureguy also talks about distilled water shaves for soaps if you have hard water. Perhaps give that a go? 	Again, thanks so much for taking the time to reply to me in such detail. 
That's pretty good for a phone	Absolutely I thought that mask was alright regardless, I can see color leaking in a few places but only if you really look for it. It couldn't be masked *that* much better.
I dunno. Y'all looked pretty rough against UNC the other night	You ever watched us play in week 1?
Repost	I had not seen it before and I ran the link through search reddit and nothing came back. My apologies. I'll be happy to remove it as soon as I get to my computer. I'm on mobile now.
You had a TI89 in middle school?! What math were you taking? newlinechar  newlinechar My Calculus II class was the first class where the calculator was required. 	I was already into computers. TI-83+ was the requirement, I convinced my parents to buy the 89. newlinechar  newlinechar They required it for all of the 'integrated' courses that replaced singular geometry, algebra, etc. It was probably all familiarization at that point.
That sounds awesome! BTW and fireworks! I'd be interested in going for sure	Cool, im a little intoxicated and wasn't sure other people would feel the same. 
Time for a fun 7-3 game!    newlinechar  newlinechar That game is going to be so bad... newlinechar  newlinechar 	next week is going to be a real thriller. 4/30 0 TD maxwell bitches!
What? Eren didn't do that bad. He sent her flying with an uppercut after she punched his jaw off! And he got her into a full mount, if it wasn't for his inexperience with controlling his titan body and unstable mental state at the time making him lose control, he would have been able to capitalize on his superior position and take her down. Obviously, the Female Titan has more experience fighting with and using her titan body.	I know he did as best as he could but it would have been so much better to get one of his super punches to land. Each time he moved the female titan's eyes went wide thinking she would get injured in someway but nope. He did well in the beginning but after going mental just tapered off.
I hope you realize that this is not fact, but a historical theory ... one that religious Jews disagree with for obvious reasons. newlinechar  newlinechar I am not a historian or archaeologist, but I do know the word 'El' has many meanings, including 'god' (lowercase) and 'power/ful'. In fact, it is used in the Torah, sometimes referring to God, sometimes to idols (gods), much in the same way that the word 'god/God' is used in English. Accordingly, there would be many many things called 'el'; anyone speaking any hebrew-related language would be calling their god 'el'. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; there were no Jews newlinechar  newlinechar To my knowledge, while there are a lot of theories about the origins of the Israelites and others in the region, these are all theories and anyone can come up with one: if it sounds plausible enough, and/or exciting enough, it can get published. So you can imagine that I don't appreciate you stating a historical theory as an assertion of fact ... on a subreddit about Judaism (as a Jew). newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 	Sorry!
Except Deb it was pretty much the opposite.	Yeah it's like Deb slowly sucked all the tan and makeup off of Dexter for the later seasons.
I've always seen a sweatshirt as having no hood.  newlinechar  newlinechar 	I call those sweaters or pullovers. This is entirely too complicated.
Common mistake to make actually. He went by Rocky and his group is A$AP. No name stealing involved.	That's so much better than I thought. For a while there I was under the impression that was the name he went by.
Nice fish pal ! Good job	Thanks!
Please, you just said a non-attack is an attack. It's pointless carrying on.	There was no non-attack. There was only an attack. The arabs attacked the security of Israel by means of military buildup and imminent invasion. Israel responded in defense.  This is world-wide consensus outside of arab countries.
That's actually 40 people when you count UDFA. Discounting Childs (who doesn't count towards the 53), that would be 39/53. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: And 34 people that were drafted by us, unless you didn't point out all the UDFA signings. I'm just counting what you have.	No, I'm just a 1st grade math student. *Edited
AB adds a plus 1 because you upvoted it, but reddit doesnt count every upvote as a point for the user. 	Ok, I think I've just not noticed this before. Thanks!
OMG it's broken AND dislocated. 	Yeah and the bone went through his sleeve and 3 inches into the dirt
They didn't feel comfortable with either kicker, plus this shows that this FO feels that kickers are a dime a dozen. Still got 8 days until Sunday, plenty of time to scour together a halfway decent kicker.	Get kickalicious, for real he was a hit in the locker room and can boot it. Not to mention he's only going to get better as he improves his technique. It'd be a smart signing.
Worth it.	Of course. Otherwise you wouldn't do it. 
Not really. Hebrew is the language, and as of the establishment of Israel, it's generally considered derogatory to refer to modern Jews as Hebrews.	Okay that settles it, this is all to confusing, as of now no one is anything anymore and if I want your attention I'll say 'Hey you!'
Fucking Kenard man, they kill off the character that everyone was surprised was alive so long anyway, but still managed to make it shocking.	He was a great character. He (Omar) has also said that he got so into that character, that post The Wire he has had a hard time finding work because of it. When Bb is over I am totally going to watch the wire again, just to re live it all. 
But the helmet catch first down that led to the SB-winning TD made all the difference.	But the helmet catch doesn't happen without Eli's mobility on that play. I love Tyree and that catch but if Eli doesn't keep the play alive then New England probably would have won.
**Uncomfortable in Interpersonal Situations Bird (this is FRANCE)** newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; * GETS TONS OF DIAMOND STOLEN FROM THEM newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; * CANT FIND THE PEOPLE WHO STOLE THOSE DIAMONDS FROM THEM newlinechar  newlinechar ^^*These* ^^*captions* ^^*are* ^^*guaranteed* ^^*to* ^^*be* ^^*correct.*	...Really?
It is rumored that there were four. Their names? Bill, Langley, Big Bill, and the greatest of the four, Brian.  	&gt;and the greatest of the four, Brian newlinechar  newlinechar Surely you mean Frank?
&gt;Secondly, high-school kickers are notoriously bad, often times they will mess a kick up, so this type of kick is utilized pretty often at the H.S. level as a type of damage control. newlinechar  newlinechar I could out kick the senior kicker as a sophomore. And I want a football player. They wouldn't take me on the team because I refused to come to practice every day. newlinechar  newlinechar Still won the title.	&gt; And I want a football player. They wouldn't take me on the team because I refused to come to practice every day. newlinechar    newlinechar Maybe they didn't take you because you wanted one of their players.  Either that or the not wanting to go to practice thing which is kind of required if you want to play.
fid ult on support doesnt do much, its a glorified blink, you just use it to get into position to fear a high priority target.. he hasnt needed to do that since they are diving into dig (rather than dig diving into c9 or evne fights) 	Considering 2 C9 members were diving at low health, I'd say ANY extra damage would have made the difference...
&gt; With world hunger still an issue, you can effectively say these regulations are causing certain people starvation newlinechar  newlinechar Our meat processing rules have precisely nothing to do with the grain supply in rural Africa. I'm not sure what argument you're even trying to make - if we allowed more food poisonings, kids in Africa wouldn't die of malnutrition? There is no reason at all why we couldn't have 100% of people eating food with nearly 0% getting food poisoning.  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;If a group of people, being poisoned by food, would not choose to have a lawyer prosecute the poisoned food source, despite the cost, then the issue of the poisoned food isn't really a big issue to them, is it? newlinechar  newlinechar That's my point exactly - say it costs $10,000 to hire a lawyer for your case, but the damages done are $9,000. Are you going to bother? No. But who *benefits* from this - you're still out $9,000 worth of your life, and the company has paid precisely zero for their actions. Just because an arbitrary service like 'hiring a lawyer' is greater than the damage **does not mean the damage is not a 'big issue' to them**. That is the fundamental problem I have with libertarianism - you assume away transaction costs to the detriment of reality. newlinechar  newlinechar As for your brother - how does he know it was the burger? The odds of getting food poisoning from meat are actually lower than the odds of getting it from leafy greens. You're making the assumption that it was Applebees, but you *don't know*. You assume you have perfect information (you don't), then base your conclusions off of that. *Basing your conclusions on incorrect assumptions will never end well.* 	&gt; There is no reason at all why we couldn't have 100% of people eating food with nearly 0% getting food poisoning. newlinechar  newlinechar Certainly in the future; but as of now, simple Economics will tell you these regulations will reduce with quantity supplied of Food. While starvation still exists, I can only imagine that with more lax regulations, quantity supplied would increase, thus decreasing starvation instances.  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;  But who benefits from this - you're still out $9,000 worth of your life, and the company has paid precisely zero for their actions. newlinechar  newlinechar The lack of judicial change would only tell consumers to instead purchase foods from different, respectable companies. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; As for your brother - how does he know it was the burger?  newlinechar  newlinechar Well, considering my brother only had the meat portion (no bun, toppings, etc.) I think his assumption was more valid than you make it out to seem. Furthermore, people can pinpoint foods that make them severely ill; and remove it from their diets. Taste Aversion is a powerful psychological trait.  newlinechar 
Pick me up whether in a make out situation or not. One friend of mine used to pick me up and hold me upside down by the ankles and I can't explain why but I thought it was the funnest thing  newlinechar  newlinechar Guy I hooked up with once picked me up while we were making out and held me up notebook style, was hot as shit  newlinechar  newlinechar Guy I was in a relationship with picked me up and twirled me around, I felt a tsunami of affection and my panties basically went rocketing off my legs, through a wall and invaded a third world country on the other side of the world newlinechar  newlinechar Touch my sides when we make out  newlinechar  newlinechar NEVER  newlinechar  newlinechar EVER newlinechar  newlinechar JUST LAY  newlinechar  newlinechar YOUR LIMP, MOIST HAND newlinechar  newlinechar ON TOP OF MY BOOB newlinechar  newlinechar AND KEEP IT COMPLETELY STATIONARY newlinechar  newlinechar THIS DOES NOT PLEASE THE ME newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar {also I really like sweet/romantic/spontaneous/creative gestures. And the phrase 'penny for your thoughts u//w//u}	So, all you want is to be off the ground?
Aaaaand I'm sad.	Yup. Kaepernick was 1/7 before he realized he could just throw at Robinson.
TSM	TAYASAM!
Look 'dude', people drive cars more then they ride motorcycles. Very few motorcycles even get ridden 1k miles a year, let alone rack up enough miles to hit 200k. There were 10 billion vehicle miles traveled per 6 million motorcycles, that accounts to on average about 1666 miles a year per motorcycle, compared to 10s of thousands average per cars per year. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www-nrd.nhtsa.dot.gov/Pubs/810620.pdf newlinechar  newlinechar I would also argue many motorcycles are neglected, many have uncertain histories with multiple owners, many are only ridden one or two seasons by the original owners. newlinechar  newlinechar And despite this, there are many motorcycles which reach 100k miles with no issues, and I even found one with 300k miles on the original engine. newlinechar  newlinechar Tell yourself whatever you want, but I've been around motorcycles for a long time, and modern engines are built to last a very long time.	Sportbikes do not last as long as cars. End of story. They are built to run very fast, not very long. You cannot have a 4-cycle motor that revs to 15k rpm last as long as a traditional 4-cylinder car motor. It's the same reason that Ferraris, Lamborghinis, and other supercars require obscene amounts of maintenance: they are built to race, not to last. newlinechar Sorry, dude.
I will upvote every single one of your posts. 	stop it &lt;3
You're gonna get downvoted for expressing legitimate opinions. How cool is that?	Seems like you are as well, friend! It's expected, not much to care about though. After lurking the Underground for years, I'm not sure this place can get as hostile. 
This sound exactly like what you're trying to say it was not; a ploy by the salesman to get you to buy right away without dealing.	It's an often used tactic, but this time there really was a guy who he'd talked to earlier who had decided he wanted it and was on his way to pick it up, and I really did take it out from under him, is what I was saying.
They have a tendency to use question marks to cover their ass and some shoddy journalism.  newlinechar  newlinechar 'US ready to attack Syria?'	Not to be a dick but its 'shoddy'. [This](http://i.imgur.com/4a1CYyv.jpg) is a shotty.
sap+demo...	It would be unsapped in a fraction of a second. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: ina -&gt; in a
By the way, I'm going to ask this again, newlinechar  newlinechar by 'we,' the 'Reddit community as a whole,' do you mean A.) the person with cancer or B.) The person who wrote to R* about the guy with cancer? Because there's no reason for /r/grandtheftautov or Reddit as a whole to feel as if they've accomplished anything just because /u/earn1188 did.	I don't think anyone should feel DIRECTLY responsible, but we were all spectators. Yes, the wording could have been different, but if you would stop reading so much into a fucking REDDIT comment, you wouldn't be irate.
Link to toonhole.com because I don't know how to do it from my phone plz. Upboat everything	[UPBOAT](http://picswords.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/hovering-craft-620x433.jpg)
Came here to post your second choice. Such a dope song.	Funny how songs without words can still hit so hard.
Manufactured in 1906. Source: Pierce Piano Atlas.	Fantastic, thank you kindly.
Him and Mauro link up quite nicely. We have the quality in ten men to beat a full strength Columbus team. That was a fucking gift of a fucking red card.	He was the last man with a scoring opportunity, so I get the card.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Still sucks though. 
He's always like that. But I don't recall a game in which he's been the best player. Very reckless and not very good possession-wise. Also normally a subpar finisher.	Cruz creates chances, even if you don't want to admit it. He has lots of flaws but that doesn't stop him from being the best Union player on the field many games.
babes. And you're in the navy.	Well isn't everyone in pensacola? 
The side-by-side translation along with Dante's original Italian along with the Hollander's admirable attempt at maintaining the couplets is what makes this edition a strong competitor. The critical essays included places a sweet cherry on top. But yes, I agree that any translation will have its flaws.	The Divine Comedy was written in terza rima, not couplets, and the Hollanders' translation is written in non-rhyming 3-line stanzas
They are mods. They volunteer hours of their life to reddit, Inc., with no pay or equity. newlinechar  newlinechar It's hilarious!  newlinechar  newlinechar Look at the creepy asshole who replies to me. She has decided to look at all of my comments and come up with some strange hypothesis. These are the sort of people who become mods. They need power and have a lot of unpaid free time.	And you on the other hand spend your time going into subreddits like twoxchromosomes and laqueristas and projecting your own inner insecurities by calling other people out for their individuality! newlinechar  newlinechar Talk about hilarious.
does it change anything that we were kissing it up earlier? JUST KIDDING, NSA.	Um. Legally or erotically speaking?
Cost vs. Benefit newlinechar  newlinechar The cost it takes to give out a cup, and fill it with water is less than the cost that will come from permanently losing a customer (possibly more, word of mouth spreads quick) newlinechar  newlinechar So, it's either lose a few dollars now, and save a possible future repeat customer.. or save a couple of dollars and lose all business from this customer (possibly more) in the future. newlinechar  newlinechar It would have been smarter just to fill the cup with water and give it to the customer.	There's also the philosophy that people who are looking for things for free are not buying anything, therefore they are not going to be customers anyway. As a patron, I'm fine with paying 25¢ for a cup.  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit - if the customer is already purchasing something, it makes sense to give them the water and cup. If somebody just comes in and expects things for free then its another story.
Your life and all your experiences are just a repost. Mind blown?	Alright, show me the link that I'm re-posting and then take note of the fact that my user names are the same on Reddit and on YouTube and that the video was uploaded today. Go back under your bridge, troll... 
Depending on the rules of the casino, can seat 6 continue having action after showing his 6? (Is his raise to 200 valid/can seat 4 then have the option to RR?)	Play would usually continue even if seat 6 showed both cards, so long as neither touches the muck.  Generally speaking, if a player flips his own card, so long as it is not the dealer's error, he is forced to play with that card face up.
Losing by far, it shocks me to see how deeply ingrained the opinions of people who are pro-crony capitalist are. Hell there is a thread in /r/politicaldiscussions that was so disgusting I had to unsub the other day.  newlinechar  newlinechar I would like to think it's just people paid by pr companies, but I can't. Their arguments are too halfassed and come from too many commentators. People are happy being slaves it seems.	&gt;I would like to think it's just people paid by pr companies, but I can't. Their arguments are too halfassed and come from too many commentators. People are happy being slaves it seems. newlinechar  newlinechar At least in the U.S., a staggering majority of young people have been indoctrinated for more than a generation that capitalism is the best form of economic system, and that America is the greatest nation on earth -- anything else is heresy. newlinechar  newlinechar I remember as a child being scolded and mocked on several occasions, by peers, teachers, and my parents, when I voiced the opinion that 'communism' actually seemed like the best idea for an economy. When I got slightly older, and started to reason that Jesus sounded like a communist, I was again shocked that nobody else (in my immediate social circles) had reasoned the same thing.
&gt;Le strong**gem** of truth.	The Reddimo.
This one doesn't seem that crazy to me. You see gyms go out of business all the time, usually due to financial hardship. When you start to break down the costs it starts to become a bit more reasonable. newlinechar  newlinechar * Gyms are usually a lot of square footage, which means an expensive lease. newlinechar  newlinechar * Staffing costs including your management and any specialists your bring in. newlinechar  newlinechar * Exercise equipment itself is very expensive. Lots of use, more than home equipment, so you're looking at lots of maintenance and replacement. newlinechar  newlinechar * Utilities or TMI is probably massive for such a large space. newlinechar  newlinechar * Advertising and marketing. A competitive space means you need to get yourself out there. newlinechar  newlinechar * Commercial cleaning company. newlinechar  newlinechar * Constant upgrades and improvements to make sure you're keeping up with all of the current trends, and to make sure your gym doesn't look like a dump. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm sure there's a lot more that could be added to this list, but you get the idea. The thing that *really* bugs me about almost every gym  I've ever had dealings with is their ridiculous client management and billing practices. I can't think of another industry as wonky as the health industry for thinking they can just bill you whatever they want, whenever they want. 	Equipment is super expensive, those giant dumbells are like $90 a piece. That is for one, not even a set!
I know nothing of guns but how exactly is that a good gun for shtf? Won't a pistol with a magazine always be more beneficial?  newlinechar  newlinechar Does the longer barrel make it noticeably more accurate?  newlinechar  newlinechar 	This sidearm is considerably more reliable due to fewer moving parts. This gun is easier to clean than any autoloader. This gun can fire two kinds of ammunition with a swap of the cylinder.  newlinechar 
He throws it down upon seeing the crash, I do believe.	Yeah I realize that now haha
How do they avoid legal issues by having the baby pincher pinch them?	Pincher is most likely insured against legal action.
How is Aang or Toph earthbending not serious?	Something serious that doesn't involve the two of them**
&gt;$1,350,000: Mac and Linux Versions newlinechar &gt; newlinechar &gt;Why should Windows users get to hog all the fun? Now we can offer Mighty No. 9 on both Mac and Linux as well! newlinechar  newlinechar Not get me wrong, I love the Megaman series, but sadly as a result of some shady kickstarters I'm concerned when the Linux support is reduced to a stretch goal. More often than not that means three things: newlinechar  newlinechar * The port isn't a high priority for the creators. newlinechar * Not day-1 launch on all platforms. newlinechar * The support is added as a stretch goal only as a means to get more funds (not really caring about the port, the users of the platform itself or if they have the needed knowledge to deliver). newlinechar  newlinechar Just sayin'. 	Seems like it'd be easier to make it multi platform from the start
It's not quite like that. I haven't explained it well. newlinechar  newlinechar Basically now English is far more important than any other subject to pass high school which is now incorporated into all subjects. Which sucks for someone like me who is more of a mathematical person. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Our experiences have been different then. My school favoured maths/science at the expense of creative subjects (not that math/science can't be creative, but they aren't taught very creatively at school level) Certainly there is far more funding for the latter at university level. There is a disdain for 'useless subjects' which are intellectual but not practical in terms of leading directly into a role in the workforce (e.g - philosophy). I actually think this is a class thing rather than anything else, private schools tend to nurture independent thought, because they're training the children of the elite to be the future leaders of the country. I wouldn't say it's a gender thing, since of course boys suffer too from this. 
I'm a freshman, and I was wondering on a decent laptop. I have about 180-200, but it's probably going to go up a little before black friday. Also, my dad is being awesome and helping with maybe s few hundred. *SO:* any laptops that are a decent price, but can still run Steam/Tekkit?	/r/suggestalaptop is a great place to check. 
Hmm.. I've declined a bunch of revives in order to change kit when the team needs a different approach. Never saw the killfeed thing. I guess I was a little distracted :P 	You don't see yourself in the killfeed newlinechar  newlinechar Only other players 
THAT PEANUT BUTTER CHOCOLATE I MUST CONFFESSES newlinechar IS THE DUO THAT I FLAVOR THAT I MUST POSSESS newlinechar REESES PUFFS REESES PUFFS IN YOUR BOWL IN YOUR BOWL newlinechar RECONGIZE THE TASTE THAT I CRAVER newlinechar REESES PUFFS RESSES PUFFS newlinechar WOW PEANUT BUTTER CHOCOLATE RAVER newlinechar  newlinechar SO CRUCIAL TO MY EATING VERNACULAR newlinechar THAT PEANUT BUTTER TASTE IS OH SO SPECTACULAR newlinechar REESE PUFFS REESE PUFFS newlinechar MY REESES PUFFS ARE A MICLE newlinechar EACH PEANUT BUTTER ORB IS L-L-LYRICAL newlinechar REESES PUFFS REESES PUFFS IN YOUR BOWL IN YOUR BOWL	Response to Kendrick Lamar's control verse?
The biggest assholes in your life are people with differing opinions than your own? 	People with differing opinions than mine are assholes if they also tell me that my opinion is inferior to theirs, or if they try to persuade me to change my opinion to conform to theirs.
Danny has the best potential still, I think. On both sides of the ball. I wish he would just get the shoulder surgery this offseason.	I agree. And while he was frustrating to watch at times last year, I think he was extremely valuable to have. 17 HR, 20+ stolen bases. He struck out way too much, yeah, but that's something you can overlook.  newlinechar  newlinechar But this year, he was just absolutely atrocious and he's put up numbers just as bad at AAA. He's only hitting like .205 for the year at Syracuse.
ECD	ECE
I don't know what state you're in, but in Indiana you're flagged with the BMV if you have a license to carry.  newlinechar  newlinechar Here, they can tell just by running your plates. I know some other states do this as well. Not sure which ones though. 	I'm in the ASU area, so I'm a bit shocked by this as I've been stopped by motorcycle cops before without incident, this is the first cruiser to stop me since the first interaction with police.
I was expecting examples...	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXAi4EY_-NE
Do we know for certain that ABUniverse were selling products made by Quality Diapers? Or were they just selling the same diaper from a supplier? newlinechar  newlinechar What I mean is, was ABUniverse paying Quality Diapers in any way, or were they just selling the same product from a different source? newlinechar  newlinechar Do we really know the situation there for sure before we cast judgement?	Why would Quality Diapers give permission to use their picture if ABU was a competitor with the same product? That's extremely poor business sense. newlinechar  newlinechar And like I said, ABU has a past record with affiliating with pedophilic sites as long as they get paid. So no, we don't have a confession, but we have enough reasonable evidence to believe that they were dealing together. That they never made a statement saying they weren't is also pretty good proof. I'm sure if they weren't working together, that would have been one of the first things to come out, along with an apology. Instead, they just pretend it never happened.
Nice man!!! We expect an obligatory panorama photo of the track! :P	I have more than a few... And a picture of the fine little mama in front of me with some HUGE tits
When does it end?	September 7th. It goes until midnight every night.  newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.oldgermany.com/index.php?oktoberfest
My daughter and I were out for a bike ride on a very hot day. Stopped for a break, a old lady and her cute little doggy approached us. My daughter (whom loves animals) put her hand out gently to pet the dog. The dog cringed and bowed, even turned away from her touch. The old lady gently took my daughters hand and said 'Let her smell you first. I don't know why she does this, no one has ever abused her she is just skittish.' So my daughter let the pup smell her, flattened her hand and gently tried to stroke her back. Dog backed away still. My daughter was very confused thinking she was doing something wrong and the lady explained 'I've had her since she was a pup. I don't know why she does that.' Point is dogs have personality's and weird quirks just like humans do, it doesn't mean the owner is abusive. Knowledge before accusations.  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: lots of things :)	agree some dogs are just super submissive
Thank you. I was tempted to make the post title simply 'My 1st Mun colony' because it is :P	From someone that has been playing from the start, and started this sub: newlinechar  newlinechar It's the tits. Keep up the good work.
yea he should have slept in the backseat of his car until he could drive like I did lol I wasn't sloppy	Yeah. Apparently he wanted cigarettes.  newlinechar  newlinechar We have a large ammount of resources devoted to preventing this, it pisses me off when it happens anyway.
SLAP, YOUR FLORID PROSE AND INAPPROPRIATELY GRANDIOSE IMAGERY ARE ***RUINING*** THIS SUBREDDIT. I FEEL MISLED. I FEEL CHEATED. I CAN'T EVEN CONCENTRATE ANYMORE KNOWING THAT IT WASN'T TRULY AN 'ERA.'  WHY WOULD YOU BETRAY OUR CONSTITUTION LIKE THIS?  LAND OF THE FREE INDEED.	snowden warned us, and we didn't listen.
Do you wanna stay up for another 16 hours? newlinechar  newlinechar Just save it for another time. newlinechar  newlinechar edit: Just realized you posted this 18 hours ago. Hope you went to bed!	Funny story, I actually decided to 'rest my eyes' and ended up falling asleep completely. I woke up to a text from my friend telling me we'll reschedule because his friend didn't come through. All is well and saved for another time. Thanks!
Carrots!? Don't you mean waffles!? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA	Waffles!? Don't you mean carrots!? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
If you load up on pid's you don't really need to lift heavy to see results 	Also true, but again let's not generalize the details. Dorian Yates is a heavy lifter and also uses gear... so what gives? It really comes down to what someone wants to be - a body builder or a power lifter. Remember, different people respond to different style of lifting.     newlinechar     The only consistent factor, again quoting Dr. Layne Norton (from videos on metabolic damage), is **total volume.** (reps * weight = volume, so either high reps low weight or high weight low reps). Another example is the Kroc Row... 200lbs * 25 reps (1 set). If that doesn't makes you wonder what exercising muscle really means, I don't know what will.
Well, the Gilneans specifically. They were actually befriended by the night elves; the night elf druids (druids == shapeshifters in WoW) helped the Gilneans cope with their lycanthrop, mastering the beast within and gaining control over their shapeshifting. newlinechar  newlinechar That said, the horde and alliance are no more good or evil than cold war-era Russia and USA. The orcs that came through the dark portal were tainted with demon blood; the orcs that formed the horde have cleansed themselves of the demon blood and distanced themselves from the atrocities of their ancestors (mostly...).	After the Scourge, it would have been difficult to see the Forsaken as anything but zombies.  I get that, but the Forsaken are not known to forget [or forgive.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1FO0ejHT3tE) *spoiler alert*  The alli had their chance, now they are against us and we will crush them.  
Are you sure that wasn't just your reflection?	Mighta been me.  I can't be sure though, I've only done that, like, fourty times.
GEMS HERE	Sos sold out.
Context?  newlinechar  newlinechar Way way way too formal for school and other casual events but for some formal event its fine. But don't wear this to school. Please.	Sorry, should have mentioned it! I wore it to dinner tonight at a more formal restaurant! And yeah not to school! Any other places I could get away with it do you think? Or any other advice?
Really? You wouldn't own Ball? I don't in any of my leagues, but if he was on waivers I would be all over that.	i guess i should have said drafted at their adp.
It's on A2 (16.5' x 23.4') and I think I would take about $400 for it. :) Plus shipping haha.	You should get a print company to scan this and you can sell prints. Seriously, do this ASAP. 
You... just made my night.	And you're epicly awesome!
How so?	much more stringent rules, more corporate inspections. In a franchise the owner decides how hard to be on the managers who decide how hard to be on the employees whereas in a corporate store everyone is held to a relatively high standard with much less room for compassion 
The man was shooting into a crowd, killed 4 people and had a fifth hostage.  The only way a hostage taker doesn't deserve to be shot is if they haven't killed anyone yet.  He deserved it.	Well, things get tricky when the assailant is of unsound mind. Shooting him was justified because it in all likelihood prevented several other deaths. But to say that he *deserved* it when he was severely schizophrenic etc. … I would have to disagree.
Nor are we! But we become it through elders showing us the way and doing really stupid things that we regret. 	I can confirm. I regret.
&gt;for all intents and purposes they can do what they want  newlinechar  newlinechar That is incorrect, the article itself says: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;It's [Israel's] administration of the area — **which is not recognised by international law** — has been mostly peaceful until the Syrian civil war broke out 23 months ago. newlinechar  newlinechar No one recognises Israel's claims to the Golan, so they can't 'do what they want' as they have obligations as an occupying power. newlinechar  newlinechar Secondly Israel launched the 67 war with an air attack on Egypt, which had a defense pact with other Arab states. Syria itself had it's water work projects bombed some time earlier.	You have literally replied to my post 3 separate times over a period of 6 hours, and you just stick around making anti-Israel comments everywhere. I have you tagged already, fuck off dude.
suppose mccrae showered and stuff. 	But he doesn't.  Plus, he seems lazy all around in life, so I'm betting that translates to sex as well.
The husband and I were on the way home from an OB appointment when I was pregnant, sitting at a red light, when we saw a car coming at us through the intersection, head on. You could tell the woman was violently thrashing and seizing. My husband just sat there and watched her, while her car continues to roll over a sign, through the intersection and right at us. He was just dazed. I was screaming at him to drive, to move, go, now! My hand was on the door, ready to get my unborn baby out of the car, stat, when he finally, *finally* shifted the car into drive (it had been in park, too!) and barely got us out of the way. Unfortunately, the seizing driver hit the car right behind us, who must have had quite a shock because they couldn't see over us to see the car coming.  newlinechar  newlinechar To this day, when I demand an explanation for his delay, he replies, 'I was trying to figure out what was going on.' He must be missing the matrix panic gene or something. Mine was in full throttle. 	I  would want an explanation for the car being in park. 
Yeah they don't stay in your system for 3 years...	They are fat soluble. Big guy, lot of padding
Ten years from now Gem will cost more than Rapier.	and that invis lineup will be a new meta
Does Torpor Orb stop Clone or Phyrexian Metamorph from copying anything? 	No, but it does stop any ETB triggers that the copied creature would have.
...Or more than likely die in that state	You've got to live to die, man
&gt;Noice.	Noice? That's not a noice... now this... This is a noice.
Hey, I like you too.	Hell I like you so much you can come over my house and fuck my sister.
You dont know hes not a dog. Ive seen a picture of a dog on the computer	I don't wanna make you feel like an idiot, but I'm sure that picture was a set up, and that the dog had no idea what he was actually doing. I know this because it was my dog who took the picture. He told me the other dog was computer illiterate and clueless. We had a pretty big laugh about the whole thing. Sorry.
What a dumb twat. If it was a choice I'd be straight so I could have a family and a non-hate filled life. 	No kidding. My first step in breaking from the conservative, intolerant culture of my youth was realizing randomly one day: 'wait a minute, while the *hell* would anyone choose to be gay in these circumstances?'
[Session 9](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Session_9)	That it! Aw, man, thank you so much.
I bet you learned that months ago! You fraud.	Damn how did you know!
Thanks!  I've read from a lot of sources that exaltation is not an individual process, which I fully agree with. Any sources specifically from the pulpit about progression? 	I've seen this come up a few times on here. Next time I see a good source explanation, I will try to post it.
Good picture of a beautiful dog. Kudos to you. 	Two families returned him, and I can't figure out why.  He is OK with the cat, he is great with my 2 yr. old niece, and is really just in a good mood all the time.  
Just a heads up, I do alot of geocaching up here in the Crestline/Lake Arrowhead area, and there are so many that are easily accessible and placed where the views are amazing! On a clear day you can see all the way to Catalina island.  Just so you know if you ever get bored. :) Have fun tomorrow!!	Oh, I have plans for that mountain, just not THIS weekend.
[](/fluttershh)Sorry.	[](/tdpassion) No no, please continue.
fuk u m7 i read reel gud sware on me mum	o a? prvit bith
and I know I know the commentators aren't the greatest, but you'd think they might comment on the implications of his injury for the national team, considering he's been the starting right back for quite a few of the last games. but still haven't mentioned a thing....	They did, actually. 
Source?  [On this one](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bnFEb3qrT0) he only mentions a Chinese translator.	For example on this video - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkLJoFp2UAE&amp;feature=c4-overview&amp;list=UUE0uNSkGhhsNMwAZcIQY7rw - Our own decent87 (aka ukwildcat87) is credited for the English translation.  However, I'm wondering about the other videos with the included captions where he doesn't explicitly credit a translator for the English. newlinechar 
Just played like 5 minutes ago as Julli and each legionnaire gets 2 pila	Okay, I stand corrected. For some reason, I remember them having more than 2.
mod me pls	A likely story, Templar.
There are no superpowers.   newlinechar You're just becoming a better version of yourself.	There are pheromones..and woman who are ovulating are proven to be attracted to a man who hasn't ejaculated in a while.
Any attachments? newlinechar  newlinechar I'm strongly considering one...	No attachments, I bought just the wand in a drunken spending spree and crushed my entertainment budget for the month. I'll consider add-ons in the future though! In the meantime, the wand itself is more than enough to keep me going.
Good, that means you can still enjoy the glory of [Luca Turilli](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i45qUUI1blA&amp;list=PLEBFF7F2EE6295F6F). Also, Legend of Steel has a forty second  intro then a sudden change into metal. So just telling ahead of time so you aren't too startled, [K?](http://waktattoos.com/large/Calligraphy_tattoo_445.gif)	[](/scootascared) Yeeeagh, that's actually worse. The anticipation absolutely kills me... newlinechar  newlinechar Pretty okay song so far, though.
To put predictions like into perspective, people have being saying Penguins have been the clear pick for the cup for.... how many years now?	This is hockey.
I'm afraid Zalgo has infected your system.	T̲̽ͫͣ͜͡o͈̮͎͈̩͇͂ͨ͗̑̈́̃̽͛ ̆̐̀͆̌҉̩̜͔̼͇̞̜̠̀͝ḭ̸͇̣͙̅̋ͪ̋͐̃̂͗̀ͅn͖̯̳̪̬͋̌͋ͮv̵̢͚̽̓̓͛̓͢o̊̍͒̋̓ͬ̓ͤ͏̵̣͇͉̹̣̬ķ͎͈̰̘͈̫̍̿͛̑͐̏́ͬ̚e̽̌ͫ̅͝͏̬̲̭͎͎ ̵̠͚̺̱̝̉͛̄̇̅ͩ̈́ţ̝̓̾͆ͧ͐h̺͈͓͍̥͑̀͊̏͜͢e̷̴̺̮̝̟̍́̐̑͗͊ ͎̙̗͈̬̄ͮͮ̉́͠h̛͎͕̝̳̥̗̎̊̄̑̓i̬͚͕͔̝̰͕̲̍̋ͨ̚͟v̉͂̿̀͏̱e̘͓̱͓̭̩ͨ͆́͋̈́ͧ̽͐̔́͝-̨͎̣̝̐͋ͪ̓̓ͅm̝̲̳̊̎̀͘į̵̶̞̯̥͎͉͔͆͆̈́̓ͯ͌̽n̴͂͊͏̷͔̮̖̱̗ḓ͙͂ͭͫ́ͅ ̸̸̣̺̩̜͎̟̃̌ͤ̽̐̏̓ͩr̨̬̖̘̗͍͚ͬ̓̀͒̀͘͝e̓̏͆͂ͨ̈ͣ̽̚҉҉̺̦̭̺͇͉p̛͚͚̘̩͂͋̓ͣ͗͛͊̀r̔ͦ̈̌̾̏ͦ͏̰͚e̵̞̣ͦ͂̉͂ͩṣ̗̬̪̊̏͌ͮe̢̯̟̺̺̊̆̓ͅn͉̞͓̬̎̐̈́̀̕͘t̔̂͏͚̲̤̤͔͎͉į̤̼̯͉̝̩̽͑̋̀̀́n̹̙͍̳͖̣͇͇͔̂̃̌g̴̭̖̠̦̦̬̬̍̔̀́ ̵̴̨̬͔̺̯̩̙͈̃̽̐͋ͫ͗̏̚c̤͓͍̙͗̿̈̀̅̈̔̾͗hͬ͏̴̼̭̠̪̱͢a̶̗̻ͮͨ̏̔͒͆̓̌́̕o̿̈́͂͛͐̿͊͏͔͓͖̰͔͍͖ș̡͚̤̹̥̳̇ͫ͡͡.̸̛̯̗͓̿̒̋̒̊͛͡ newlinechar ̣̦̙̫̜̣̀̏͊̆ͮͪ̋̽̔I̙̰̯̳͑͋̄ͧ͢n̤̦̝̰͗̃̑ͣͣ͑̒͛̚͢͝v̢̛͚̗̮̥͚͖̺̦ͤͨͯ͒ͫ͝o̵̧̻̤̊͒͛k͖͐̈͝i͎͙̹͎̘̭͉͛̀ͫ̎̇ͧ̇̀͡n̰͙͌̐͟͞g̞̳͍̯̯̾̔̂͋̾ͨͫ͒͞ ̽͊҉̘̻̦̲t͖̱͖̯̤̜̖̘̓̽͛̀͡h̬̳̳̟͙͛͊̾ͥͭ̕͞e̠͚̭̞̬̥̾̑̑̕͜ͅ ̴̩̦̬̗̖̩̟̗͎ͧ͊f͔̤͓̮̯͇̉̊̂̚͟e̸͙̠͎̞̭̝̊̀̕e͍̳ͣ͛́͘l̷͉̲̩̖̩̏͋͗̎ͮ̂ͬ̒ͮ͢i̛̛̝̯ͩ͑̆̋͆̓̀n̸͙̪̰̘̲̽͐̇ͤ̇g͖̦̓ͯͥ̀ͮ̈́ͮ͘͢͢ ̛͖͙̻̞͚͈̱̻ͧ͒ͧͮͣ̂̕ǫ̡̗̙̙̪̤̂̋̇̈̃̄̚f̧̢͖̗̣͌̀ͮͩ̾̃̎ͪ ̵̣̐̍c̡̝͓̺̭̞͚̟̙͌̋̒̓ͮ̇̚͞h͔̱̣͎ͯͦ̉͊͟͠ḁ͍̙̭̻͎́̑̊̓̃̀o̡͚̺ͥͥͤ̃̓̇ͅs͔̯̪̺̘̩͓ͧͦ̋͒ͥ̐ͤ͜.̵̰͈̟͈̤́ͩ́ newlinechar ̓́ͤͥ͒̉̚҉̵͖W̩̜̥̮̤̲ͦ̏̅̆̒ͦͧ̄i̢ͧͤͣ̏̂̍̀̚͏̪̲͈̟̩̰̩t̴̢̮̥͕ͪ͋̚ḥ̸͎͙ͥ̿̍ͬ̍͡ ̥̹͚͖̥̤̼̠̹ͭ̎̿͆̚ȯͨ͏̧͖͉̼u͇̖̜͇̿̆̿ͥ̉͘t̸̺͖͔͓ͩͪ͜͞ͅ ̴̪͎̱̟̯̔̅ͨo̷͉̩ͪ͂r̶̡̧̯̼͍̣̻͓͓͔ͯ̌̅d͙͓̣͙͍̞ͧ̏̎̏͆̌ͦ͡eͬͧ̽͌҉̜̞̘r̶̮͉̥͔̬ͦ́̇̾̐̑̉̊.̴͋̉̎͗͂̈̅̚͏͇͉̦̦̺̲̭ newlinechar ̵̤̼̹̗͚͓̟̗̄̓͆̒͑ͪ̄ͫͪT̖̱̥ͪ́̀h̨̛̹̜̤̙̖̑̆ͤͩͤ̂e̴̦̺̞̭̍ͦ̋̔ͦ ̸̰͖̫̑̔̇͗͗͑͐̽́̕N̟̬̯̻̬̖̽͋̑ȩ͈̯ͬ͑̎̑̎̚͢͡z͔̪͔̫̲̹̰̤͛ͩ͑ͮ͗͟pͩͥ̾͏̭̝̬̹̼͉͙̻́e̴̺̹͙̭̹͙͔̼ͧ̓̀ͅṙ͔̝̜̫̣̥͓͙ͬͣ́̽̇̚d̷̤̩̲͉̹̮̤̮̀̿̒̀̚͡i̼̭̦̖̳̰̇̌̊ͯ̓͘a̢̛͖̝̜̬̋͊ͤ͋̿̒n͙̭̦̼̹̥̬̳̉͞ ̦̟̏̃̋ͬ̀ͅh̖̥͈͚̩̭̣̺̅̓̊ͫ͠ͅi̵̘̠̝͇̪͖ͦ̓̌̾̄̚v̷̜̦̈̏̐̓̃͗͞e͎̦̞̘̰̟̗̤͈ͯ͆̍ͭ̌̐͊̕-̘͓̙̱͑̆̕͡ͅm̳̩̞̥̗͍̳̻̞̿̔̐ͧͬ͜͠i̸̯̦͙̣̭͋ͩ̏̅͒̚n̷̶̞̙̗̹̠̒̉̀͢ḏ̢̰̞͋̈́̐̔̄̈́ͤ͐́ ̱̘̜̘͈̍̏̇́ͥ̈́́͆̾o̡̮͇̔̉̃͂f̴̢̳͔̘ͭ̽͆̆̈͐͡ ̶̪͚̣̟̒̈ͧ̒ͮ̈ͦ͜c͕͙͕̱̝͇̯̯ͧ̽̅͑̑̄h̵͒ͫ͛͂̐ͬͩ̆̔҉͚̬̺̭a̵͇̝̱̦͐̍̾̀̽ͥo̸̰͕̳ͧͭ̀̚͢s͕̦̈́̿̑̏.̐̅̏͏͖̙̖͓̪̕ ̨͙̜̹̭͋̇͆͆̈͂͜͡Ẓ̮̺̩͈̲̪͂ͤ̂̉à̴̦̭̖͎̮̻̠̥̤͝l͕̭̦̫̬̮̞̐͊͐̋̀gͣ͛̈̚̚҉̴̡͔ơ̡̼̯͂͋̔́̽̃̾̍̋͡ͅ.̴̢̫͎̹̟͖̓͊ newlinechar ͔̫̆͌ͪͭ̔͡Hͦ̉̾̍̓͟͏͇͔̹͍̮̰ê̖̭̦̱̤̤̝̜̎ͧ̅͋͐̂̉̓̕͟ ͇̜͔̙̖̳͂ͫẅ̛̱͙͍ͭͩ͆͛́h̨̲̯̜̞ͨo̻͚̗̳͇̯͕͆̑ͧ́̿̀͘͡ ̸̧̜͕̲̘̟̰͉̂ͭͫ͊̐ͬ͋̈́ͯͅW̡͎͎̪̬̳̫̰̮̓ͭͯ́ͮ͝ḁ̣͒ͮ̎ĩ̡̌͑ͯ̈ͧ͘͏͙̭̮̞t̴̮̬͇͈ͨͥ̔͑́s͈͕̻̺̿͑ͫ̂̑ͮ͒ͩͣ ̲̞̦̹̿͒͋̍̄ͧ̚͘͝B̫̣̲̘ͣe̛͕̬̠̖͉̣͑͐h̡͔̄̈́ͨͬ͊͟i͎̩̳͚̦̜̼̰̊̄̈́͢͟n̴̡̡͖̯̥͍̱̲̱ͨ̓͐͆ͧ̏̉d̴͙̳̯̟̟͖͑ͧͫ͡ͅ ̢̪̩̯̩̲̗̥̳ͣ͜T͈̩̺̃ḥ̿̃ͬͤ͊̔̿e̢̡̛̲̞͎͉ͧ͑̎̒ ̡͕͍͍ͣͨͣ̅̽̓͞W̖̼̱̙̘̍͒̽͌ͧ͑͜ȃ̧͙͚̤̪̃ͪͯͨͣͯͦͦ͟͞l̷̙͈̼̄ͯ͗ͤ̌̀l̪͎ͭ͠.̥͉͚̖̔̒͛̽̏͋ͩ newlinechar ̝̥ͤ̀͘Z̹̭̘̗͕̖̽͜͟ͅA͎̻̻̟̘͑ͪ̉L̨̰̥̲̪̣͆̑͋̂Ḡ̸̡̘̘̫̬͚̙̂̾ͩ̔͐̈̇O̧̹̤͓̺͊ͨ͑͞!̯̼̝̝͓͑̅͐͢͢ͅ
This should have gone without saying but results vary from person to person. Your dad is not the same as everyone.	And I completely agree, but trying to find something to help you and just making excuses are too different things. That also varies from person to person. The point is understand you might need to make an effort instead of putting the blame on everything else. It's about taking responsibility. 
Can't be worse than those RSL homers.	Just an example.  For that yellow on Dempsey the announcer talking about the player who was booked, newlinechar  newlinechar 'He doesn't back down from a challenge, doesn't matter what you name is or what you resume reads.'
I have a history class right now about modern western civilization (europe from 17th century to present) and i must say it's easily my favorite class i have. i do go to an engineering school though....	Yeah I used to love my history classes in HS, the teacher talked about WWII all year long it was really cool!
Oh god, you're texting him, arent' you?	He- he has such a way with words. I stood no chance.
That's Hejduk right?	It's ALWAYS Hejduk.
What is wrong with that? Except sagas I keep my books organized by color, they are so much easier to find.	If you have a lot of books, it can make them hard to find.  I married a librarian and we have a ton of books. I can't imagine trying to find something specific if they were arranged by color. 
I'll have to try this, I suppose. My issue with DS games on the 3DS XL is that they just look *so* pixelated. Maybe it also has a little something to do with the fact that I was playing *Mario Kart 7* before I switched to *Mario Kart DS*, and even though I remembered *MKDS* looking pretty good, it just looked awful. Maybe it's just that I need to realign my expectations again.	Yeah, holding Start while starting the games should fix that. It causes the games to not be stretched to the screen size, but instead look pixel for pixel the same as they would on a DS/DSLite. They're smaller on the screen due to that, of course, since the 3DS resolution is higher, but you don't get the horrible stretching and ugliness.
He would decide to do some chores, one of which was to skim the pool. He'd do it, forget he did it, and go to do it again. He'd then get confused and frustrated because he 'knew' it needed done (originally it did), but couldn't remember doing it. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm guessing you never knew anybody with Alzheimer's or dementia. Anything you can do to limit their feelings of confusion and helplessness is good.	I must have misunderstood, I didn't realize it was part of his daily routine, I thought it was something he'd just notice and do.  newlinechar  newlinechar I certainly understand not wanting to break up something he was used to. newlinechar  newlinechar I apologize, I was incorrect 
I will say my family has lived in South Park/Golden Hill area for over 20 years and I can't remember a single summer with whole weeks above 85f and multiple days where it is well into the 90s. There would be 2-3 day stretches where it would get hot and nasty but never just solid weeks and weeks of the same with no breaks. I remember as a child hating how many cloudy days we would have, now I'm thinking back on those memories and laughing because I haven't seen a real cool cloudy day in months. newlinechar 	I grew up in Santee, and as a kid I remember September through November actually feeling like autumn. Now it's just Summer Part II: The Sweltering.
Diamond prices fluctuate **considerably**, depending on the carat, clarity and colour. For a large, nice diamond, some people pay a lot. [Here's a table of some sorts.](http://www.pricescope.com/diamond-search-results)	I was just referring to the fact that it's remarkably difficult to resell a diamond: newlinechar  newlinechar http://m.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/1982/02/have-you-ever-tried-to-sell-a-diamond/304575/
I'd like to thank you both.	I very much appreciate that. No thanks is needed though. 
From high school.  	I inadvertently took Vicodin during half times of my high school football games. newlinechar  newlinechar It was all accidental.  I thought they were, um, gaterade in pill form.... yeah, that's it.
I have tried that diamond grip a few times, and find it impossible. The pyramid is so much easier for me. I am also using 2.5' balls. 	I use the pyramid with 7 but can't do pyramid in both hands to attempt 8. Can you?
Either that or for him to go into full conspiracy mode and rap about Area 51 and The Philadelphia Experiment and shit.	Or maybe both at the same time with no rhyme or reason.
It's just aggravating to see people shit on Mett all last season when his receivers didn't help him out at all.	Curse of the QB position. Too much credit for winning and too much blame for loses. newlinechar  newlinechar But yea I completely agree.
That's debatable.	I see your point.
If he's signed a contract, he'll lose the deposit unless the sellers are really nice people.  Been in the industry, seen it happen, A LOT.  	Depends on the contract he signed.  I know I was able to get my deposit back after an inspection turned up issues I didn't want to deal with - but I had made absolutely certain the contract had such an option before I signed it.  It really wasn't that the people were nice, either - they were actually quite unhappy that we pulled out.  But the contract was pretty clear.
Fuck, bro.  You're a culinary daredevil.  Might want to wear helmet with that shit.	A helmet might be much. A mouth guard is not out of the question though, it does make you grind your teeth a bit if you aren't used to caffeine. I first made the drink after working multiple 1st, 2nd, and 3rd shifts in a restaurant (often leaving me with 6 hours to sleep between 10-14hr shifts) and needing something to force my internal clock into compliance. newlinechar  newlinechar It's also dangerous, some doctorly types might say toxic, some of my earlier and more experimental brews caused some visual and auditory hallucinations, I tweaked the recipe since then and haven't had them occur again.
What are nude flats O_o	A quick google image search will provide you with an answer.
Remember they filmed it without knowing where it would lead.	While the episodes weren't written, I'm sure they at least had a general idea of the direction they were gonna take. 
If anything; the Syrian conflict has less to do with the US and her interests than the Iraqi War does. The only reason the US would get involved would be PURELY moral reasons and if that's the case then it should be a joint UN decision, not the US playing World Police. 	You may be right about the balance of interests between the two conflicts. newlinechar  newlinechar However, there may be reasons to get involved in Syria other than moral. (From the perspective of the US government).  newlinechar  newlinechar For example, we say we don't want chemical weapons used in warfare. Then a country uses them. So we bomb them to send a message that we are powerful and we mean what we say. Other countries take note, we don't mess around.  newlinechar  newlinechar From such a perspective, it would help our cause to have UN approval, but it is not necessary. In fact, were the UN to determine that intervention were not appropriate, it would make us look weak if that appeared to affect our decision. newlinechar  newlinechar Obviously I'm not saying this is what I think, in fact I find this approach reprehensible. But at the top levels of the Pentagon they see things differently.  newlinechar  newlinechar edit: The administration will of course sell any action as humanitarian intervention, but I wouldn't buy it. It would be the first time in history that any State made a decision based on principle rather than expediency. Not likely.
Heh, group 34, room 63.	I think the person who makes these comics does that a lot.
I want Xabi back :(.	Xabi wasn't depth, Xabi was an entire crater. 
Google doesn't really put out an iTunes-like media syncing tool even on Windows. The 'Google Way' is to put your files in their cloud, then use the Google Android apps to get seamless access to your files from the cloud. newlinechar  newlinechar Eg with music. On your desktop you tell Google Media Manager where your files are, and it everything to the Google Cloud. Then you have access to your music from any computer via http://music.google.com or your Android phone via the Google Play Music app. newlinechar  newlinechar That's the 'Google Way' of doing things, and the tools for that are available on Linux. If you really prefer an iTunes style app, you may not find something that does everything like iTunes does, but there are music managers and photo managers that support mtp.	so you're paying a lot for streaming data, then, I take it? does one store music locally at all?
[](/sbstare)Yes.  It takes better.	hrmmmm newlinechar  newlinechar nam pla tastes pretty awful to me. To each their own though!
Wait, really? How? I've put nearly 500 hours into the game, and I'm kind of embarrassed to not know this... newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: if what you mean is that there's a 'sell all trash' function, I already know that. I'm talking about a way to automatically sell everything except items I've marked as 'favorite' WITHOUT having to individually go through and mark them as trash first. If there's a way to do this, please enlighten me.	I misunderstood you. I was wrong, sorry
Yo they lewk niceee! btw what brand of khaki's you wearing and what style (slim, skinny?) been trying to get summ. thnx!	Levi 501s
Thanks Jatt!	I don't even know what else to say. Its just that amazing to watch.
That's my problem. Step 3. I place it in the folder, I go into the game, I open 'resource packs' and all I see is 'Default' 	Alright, let's run through it, go to your .zip/folder, open it, if it says 'assets' and 'pack', than it should show up, if it just says the name of the pack, you have to take out the contents, so pull out the base file with the texture folder, and put that in your resource folder.
Your beard. For the love of God... YOUR BEARD. newlinechar  newlinechar Teach me how!	This is the picture my 7 year old drew on the front of my Father's Day card this year .... I think he captured the essence of the bear 8-) newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/Syhme1z.jpg
You're here with us brother	I feel welcomed =]
Wow fucking Australia, US gets it for $240 and we get it for $460 thats bullshit...	Same thing in uk
My brother wears one specifically for the placebo effect. According to at least one study I read, that can still work. newlinechar  newlinechar Brains are weird.	But if he's aware it's a placebo, how is it still effective?
Donnie likes playing on expert mode.	Hey I don't want to question this mans leadership. He did turn this team from SPAM to FAM.
&gt; For the time being, I can't leave. newlinechar  newlinechar Do you want to leave? If so, why can't you?	I'm not sure. I cant leave because I can't support myself right now.
I'm waiting for a British person to comment and say the word 'Rubbish'.	waste of time.
Who?	Starcraft pros/commentators 
Exactly. Keep the Rmah for ladder and nonladder. 	Yea it will actually really help with over saturation that you see right now in the AH's. PvP ladder + Paragon level ladder will make people continue to play for years! 
In fact you don't need the figures at all.	The characters do appear in normal gameplay but with the figures you can access them earlier on.
[](/uwotm8) OH YOU WANNA GO BITCH?	[](/07)I'LL TAKE YOU DOWN TO THE PAIN TRAIN STATION IN PAIGNTON. newlinechar  newlinechar I'M GONNA POKE ME THUMBS INTO YOUR EYES AND HANG ON 'TILL UR DEAD newlinechar  newlinechar [IT'S ON, IT'S ON LIKE zzzzzzzzzzz](http://wiki.teamfortress.com/w/images/4/4c/Demoman_gibberish11.wav?t=20100625231526)
Larry and Magic didn't leave their teams in their primes to team up. Their teams were built by the draft. 	I said stacking stars, I didn't say how they got to be there. Burr was talking about it in the context of salary caps, not in the context of drafting vs. free-agency. 
If you are willing to mail some beer from your area then I would post this on /r/beertrade. There is likely someone in Charlotte that could help you out in exchange for some of your local brews. Where are you located? I could throw out some brews that you could post.	thanks for the advice! i'm in northern virginia (manassas, not too far from fairfax and dc).
Ooo, link to it if you do it! That sounds awesome!	nice try creep. you're not seeing this girls channel
What is a 'legitimate religion'? newlinechar 	Rastafarianism. Peace be unto Haile Selassie the first. 
I think you need to realise that it was quite unique. Ki's character is a helper of all. She saw a friend in distress and helped him. While the character she fought with could have easily been Shane Stuffed-Crust Pizza (LOL), this was a nice way to show Ki's determination just to protect Wendell (spelling?) from possible bullying. Ki's character grew quite a lot during this season and I am quite impressed with what the team produced. GG Rocketjump, GG WP.	Of course, I understand this, and this thread isn't about Ki being portrayed as the helping hand of VGHS, but rather the plot device that was used to bring that forward.
Fuck Emma Watson newlinechar Marry Mila Kunis newlinechar Kill Jennifer Lawrence	I disagree newlinechar Fuck Emma Watson newlinechar Marry Jennifer Lawrence newlinechar Kill Mila Kunis newlinechar  newlinechar I think Jennifer Lawrence is the type of person you want to be around.
I would wager it's just getting over-diagnosed.	Bingo.
I'm in that area and I'll keep my eyes open. Is there a name he/she answers to?	Thanks, his name is Blue.
What are they suspended for?	Breaking team rules - not sure what.
Really? What do those people say will happen as a result? I've actually never heard of this.	If we legalize gay marriage then we will legalize bestiality. People were making the same arguments against interracial marriage 50 years ago 
&gt;Relief Society is large enough... newlinechar  newlinechar If RS had any real say in how the church is run, there's a whole slew of current 'issues' that would suddenly be rendered non-issues.   newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; it should have its own say in how the church is run. newlinechar  newlinechar Exactly. newlinechar 	My thoughts as well--just like marriage (both in heaven and on earth) is the combined potential of two partners, so too should the priesthood and Relief Society be equal partners in the church.
Weed is already decriminalized in MS, somehow. 	no, its really not. source: dad is an officer for the drug court.
If you judge a character by their powers, youre either an idiot or a Marvel fan.	Do you not see how having that many powers detracts from a story? There's never threat, since he can do almost anything to get out of a situation. newlinechar  newlinechar And Marvel characters are more about the person than the powers, but DC is more about the powers than the person. Your comment doesn't make sense.
'Taxation, unlike theft, is legal and necessary in order for the state to function.'	Goddamnit. newlinechar 
Where did you get it? And the price?	I had it in my CamelCamelCamel price watch for a while. It drop to $93.24 the other day and I pulled the trigger. It is the lowest priced digital refractometer I have come across and it is the cheapest the [MA871](http://www.amazon.com/Milwaukee-Refractometer-Automatic-Compensation-Resolution/dp/B007Z4IN58/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1377999392&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=MA871) has ever been.  It is still that price if you are interested. There are also analog refractometer that are more than adequate for this application. [Here](http://www.amazon.com/Refractometer-RF15-Automatic-Temperature-Compensation/dp/B003H7ILCW/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1377999255&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=refractometer) is an example.   
Skiing in Italy? I'm jealous! Sounds like a crazy time was had.	Yeah, at a place called Folgarida. It was pretty crazy, some of the better years of my teen life. When I said 'bring me some cunts'n'dicks' it wasn't the only stupid thing I did, my friends and I made up a game where in the shops we'd speak our own random gibberish language but pretend that it was an actual language. But that wasn't all. In this made up language we'd slip curses in every now and then eg: 'Pangyihwa kanst bi fuck itszi on kitre vagcunt'. Damn was I immature XD But it was still funny to see the looks other English folk gave us. A Canadian group once went 'HEY! We know what you're saying, idiots!' and we just laughed and left the shop. Another time a friend of mine that couldn't eat gluten went and bought a pizza from the pizza shop (he had specially made food) because the pizza the hotel gave him had bread about 4 inches thick with no cheese on and a whole tomato in the middle. He shat a lot that night. newlinechar  newlinechar The cherry on the cake was on the night before the last. Now the mountains of northern Italy are renowned for having bears habit them. We couldn't use one of the main ski slopes due to bears, there were signs all over the place. Now to us simple English people, wild bears are like a dream come true, but we didn't expect to see them. So on this night I'm walking down the hallway with 3 friends to hear someone screaming 'GET ME THE FUCK OUT OF HERE NOW' . newlinechar  newlinechar Quick back story: That particular rooms door was jarred shut because it was locked. It had broken because a friend had broken it a previous day by ramming the lock in because the door was jammed. This friend was an idiot and that situation could have been avoided. So basically the dude in the room screaming was trapped inside. newlinechar  newlinechar I recognize the voice and yell back 'what's going on?'. His reply? 'THERE IS A FUCKING BEAR OUTSIDE AND I CAN'T GET OUT!'. So, a friend is scared shitless because there is apparently a bear outside and one way or another the only way this door is gonna open now is through sheer force. 'Kick it Bearsinky' says a friend. *kick* *kick* *smash*, the door was open after some hard pounds from my boot. I'd luckily read on some random post on Facebook the night before about how to kick open a door correctly. it's something like: Stand straight and lean back into your kick, bend your knee slightly so that your foot impacts directly next to where the lock is. Good advice. And so we burst into the room and if my eyes have ever lit up, it was at the moment when I saw the last moments of a brown bear sinking away into the snow, returning to its territory I guess, and disappearing away. And that is the untold story of how I got my username, because it was a running joke that my kicks had made the bear sink into the snow in fear.  newlinechar  newlinechar Sorry if that's a randomly long read, there were many more shenanigans but none as interesting in my eyes as the ones I put there. One of the greatest weeks of my life! newlinechar  newlinechar edit: I also knocked an electronic door out of place while being chased by a friend, it was easily fixed thank the heavens!
Didnt surprise me to see that tattoo on a pale skinny body	Wow, what a judgmental asshole 
Can someone ELI5 what a 'network operator' is? Or in this case, who?	The 'last-mile' infrastructure, the lines that actually go into your house, in a lot of places is owned by the big Telecoms: Bell owns the phone (DSL) lines, Rogers/Shaw/Cogeco/etc. own the cable lines. newlinechar  newlinechar The CRTC has ruled that they have to provide access to these lines to competition like TekSavvy. They run their own 'back-end' so to speak (all the equipment in a headend/datacenter), and then lease that last mile from the telco to actually offer the service to your house. These are the 'network operators'. Bell et al are also network operators, but since they own the infrastructure they don't have to lease it from anyone. TS and such do, and hence they get that different label. newlinechar  newlinechar What this means is that you DO have choice in your ISP, it's just not choice in who *owns* the links from your house to the headend.
Don't have anything there though. Do you get one for playing M12? I got the award unlocked in the gridiron club. I also randomly got an RGIII card, is this it?	Nope random RG3 is a card that they gave to all teams so most users will be just doing option/running QB plays now.
Honestly that'd be a pretty awesome place to have a wedding, maybe on the big altar on the Radiant side? Have Warlock perform the marriage and such.	&gt;radiant  newlinechar &gt;warlock newlinechar  newlinechar What man? I would want omniknight or something. Warlock can do evil weddings
The BO is shit. Overpriced scam to be honest.	*scum? He he he. 
Both_5 for temperature and humidity.  At least, that's what you get when you automate a glacial precipitator / pulverizer for ice/sand into a acclimatizer.	Oh, really? That's sweet, I thought it only went to 4!
Still 10x bigger than Sams	Sitting on a laundry basket... Did he ever upgrade from the Nageltron?
Steroids.	Piss.
Apparently he did very little mixing or anything.  From what I've read, he did little more than fade in and out of each track. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Pretty much as expected, no one thought a professional hockey player would also be Van Buuren his first time live mixing. Its pretty awesome he can use his hockey career to get opportunities for a little fun hobby like this.
Uhhh that's a policy that goes way above her probably. I've seen it time to time. 	Every subway I have ever been to has small clear plastic cups for water. She was probably just being lazy and didn't want to grab them.
It was where a cop died just the year prior	G-g-g-*ghost cops?*
Good tips. For the nanoskin you don't even need a machine. Just use it with lots of Glide and go back and forth a few times by hand. (I also feel like it is 'safer') newlinechar  newlinechar Definitely agree with people generally using too much product! But in the photo it looks like you have way too much on there! Of course quantity varies by product/technique, pad priming, etc.	Fresh pad so used a dab extra
Hearing ASJ is warming up despite media reports he was suspended..	People at the game telling me he is suited up and on the sideline, but I doubt he will play.
All they have to do is take some notes from Assassin's Creed's fighting depth and they'll have a gem. Two-handed swords, war hammers, dual swords, daggers, spears, picking up enemy enemy weapons, hand-to-hand... so much possibility, but it looks like it's just one sword, one shield, and occasionally throwing spears.	Yeah I think they need some rpg elements, either through a more diverse weapon system as you mentioned, or unlocking flourishes, special traits, enhancing NPC team skills, etc. I hope they didn't make it too realistic where theres none of that stuff. They did hint that the QTE gets you more points. Maybe spending points on stuff is what makes the combat more interesting. I hope they reveal more soon. Good thing I'm a digital download only guy, where I can make this decision when I get my xbox :D.
Play style matters. newlinechar  newlinechar For me it's the T34 as the best one. I like high damage tanks and matchmaking that give me higher tier fights. When I play premium I do it for credits, best way to earn credits is to do damage to higher tier tanks then your self. newlinechar  newlinechar All the premiums with so called good match making get that because of the bad guns they have. I will never buy one of the high armor bad gun premiums.	&gt;all the premiums with so called good matchmaking get it because of the bad guns they have.   newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; I will never buy one if the high armored bad gun premiums newlinechar  newlinechar Didn't know the fcm 50t gad a bad gun and fantastic armor
Who is this guy? I have his mixtape in my bookbag because I found it on the sidewalk of my school's campus. I go to GSU so I assumed it was just some random southern rapper. Lol turns out the cd was too scratched for it to play but I'll definitely look up his music now 	He's associated with [Two-9](http://two-9.tumblr.com/). Dope as fuck. Been featured by a lot of blogs including 2DopeBoyz &amp; P4K
You're not the first person I've heard say that, surprisingly.	Its the hair.
ewww. 	At the end of the day it's virtually the same car. I prefer the BRZ personally.
Can you make this an abandon thread gif?	[Sure](http://i.imgur.com/npNuFDF.gif).
Men and women both require these, but..RAZOR HEADS. WHAT. THE. HELL?	Also true! 
[This is age old](http://i.imgur.com/FwSQkEz.jpg) and never went anywhere. The picture shows a bottle that you could buy at around 1927.	But you can bet there's a lot of active research. Any possible finding that radiation MAY be good for you would get a researcher's whole lab lifelong funding - so you bet there's thousands of 'research' projects trying to find that holy grail - 'OUR FRIEND THE ATOM'.
What do you mean with overdone?	He's fat and jealous
ITT: ARGUING 	So OP you doing anything later? I could teach you how to play Magic the Gathering.
This.  I eat vegan almost all the time and always check the menu before I go somewhere.  It's not the Chef's job to go off menu because of your life choice.  And the Vegan certainly shouldn't complain about there being nothing for them, no one forced you to go to that restaurant. 	Thank you! I used to work at a place that was known for its prime rib. Very much a meateaters joint, and we had a vegan group that booked a meeting there. Kicked them out when they camped out in the parking lot handing out flyers about how horrible meat was and how cruel our 'plates of death' were. And all that after we'd jumped through hoops to make them special stuff with their recipes and they still bitched at everything. newlinechar  newlinechar That makes *all* vegans look horrible, throwing tantrums like that. That won't convince meat-eaters to join you; it just convinces them that vegans are arrogant stupid overpampered pricks.
ECE	ECF
If I'm correct it started at an Open Cup game against NE a little over 2 years ago.	Back when we played them at the DAC IIRC. 
Good news everyone! :)	except everyone that doesn't like comic books
Every time I see a his/her battlestation, hers is always much smaller than his.	Yup.. Just waiting until my mate and I move into our new place to break this trend.
Ah yes, that's happened a few too many times...	Boner blisters are a bitch. And, of course, it screws up your corpse copulating for the evening. 
Great blocker too. Last season we got an unnecessary roughness call in our favor cause he blocked a guy so well that it pissed the guy off. I remember weems actually saying 'he got mad because a midget blocked him' hahaha	Weems and Costanzo really do run that special teams unit.  He has a ton of energy and brings some a lot of fight to that group of guys.  He's overpaid but I really like him.  Wish he was better on offense.  
But make sure to tell them to do something about helping their own people first.  newlinechar 	Oh yea I call about that too. I [participate](http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/1l07wa/participating_in_a_circlejerk_is_not_going_to/) in our 'democracy.'
I like curves and bones. Anything that shames anyone based on body type is not okay by me.  newlinechar  newlinechar But I'm kind of a dog, so take that as you will. 	What flair is that?
I hope that's just a bad dream that Ragnar's having.	Seriously. It's pretty rare that I see a preview and hope that it's a dream and a fakeout, but in this case... newlinechar  newlinechar 
He was mouthing 'Pay Me' and doing the hand gesture for money.	He keeps giving me more reasons to dislike him.
Nice, but what it needs is some Orgins influence and it will be just fine.	The IGN guys also said that it had the best of Origins and DA2, so it should be great. On an unrelated note, the dragon in the video looks sweet.
I call those sweaters or pullovers. This is entirely too complicated.	I call them hoodless sweatshirts. No, I just call them sweatshirts. But in my mind, hoodless sweatshirts.
You sure? You haven't read about us keeping Bale against his will even though Madrid aren't offering the right sum. About how we're delaying the Bale deal so Arsenal can't do their business.  newlinechar  newlinechar Did you watch the match against Palace? The entire game the commentators were being biased towards Palace. It was a complete joke.  newlinechar  newlinechar Recently, SSN pundits were having a dig at us for selling our british players and buying foreign players! Like seriously.. when Arsenal had their French Revolution, and Chelsea, City and most of the PL did the same it wasn't a bad thing.. but Spurs do it and we're in the wrong! 	The Bale articles have usually had a tone, for me at least, of 'Levy is trying to ring the most out of the deal and hurt his opponents at the same time. Rightly so, clever man.'  newlinechar  newlinechar Newly promoted after 8 years Palace are going to get biased commentary. It's still fairy tale days for them. Pro-Palace is not anti-Spurs. newlinechar  newlinechar The story of all summer has been how good Spurs have been in the market and how shit Arsenal have been with some 'will they won't they' about Bale thrown in. If there has been any negativity it's probably come from Gooner reporters and ex-players who are jealous and trying to shift the focus off them. 
That's a terrible thread lol. It's nothing but a bunch of people hating on Chrysler for reasons I'm not sure and others hating on the kid because they think he spent his money foolishly.	Hive mind.
Cool, im a little intoxicated and wasn't sure other people would feel the same. 	Bbq* not btw. But I am still down for that idea, would be awesome
[](/miniluna)Umm, I think that the east bedroom is still open. newlinechar  newlinechar She will get a full view of Tia's sunrise in the morning. newlinechar  newlinechar If you are still up for it, I would like to talk.	[](/ppgasp) Oh uh, okay, Princess. newlinechar [](/sp) newlinechar *Pinkie takes Rarity to her bed and lays her down, she returns to the main room after closing the door quietly behind her. She sits in front of Luna. Ever since the last Nightmare Night, Pinkie has always been uncomfortable around Luna, though she would always play off her uneasiness as a joke.* newlinechar [](/sp) newlinechar [](/ppseesyou) What's on your mind, Princess Luna?
No, but you can build an observatory *I think* because all natural wonders count as mountains for the sake of observatories but are not considered 'mountain tiles.'	We're going to use our lakeside observatory to make SCIENCE!
Bender and a character from the 'PJ's' 😄	then they pan to the right and we see Hank from King of The Hill
What does being scum bags have to do with it? I don't see the Qunari as scum bags at all, and that has nothing to do with why they don't work well as the PC. newlinechar  newlinechar If the lead writer behind the game and the lore of Qunari has said before he doesn't think they fit with being a PC or Romance option based on what hes writen, and has now changed that, I think thats telling about the situation. newlinechar  newlinechar I am not judging entirely yet, but I am now skeptical about the game more that I was before. I actually enjoyed DA2 and have been looking forward to DA:I quite a bit, and this is the first thing that has given me pause.	I think what you're remembering is Gaider talking about how he would feel uncomfortable writting a Qunari romance, cause people 'desire' it. He thought it was fetishization of the race, so writing it with that in mind would feel wrong. newlinechar  newlinechar That however is, in my opinion, unrelated Qunari being a playable race.
Not really, I heard Madrid was looking at the Granada LB, did that blow off?	I heard talks are still ongoing and could be done during transfer deadline day.
I highly doubt that if Congress turns him down he will follow through with an attack. It would be political suicide for him and his party in the next few election cycles.	Ah, but if he does nothing, then he'll risk being seen as going back on his word  in regards to all that tough talk he gave to Syria. Either way, he risks losing face.
The word you're looking for is asshole. Scarra is a nice guy, Nien is an asshole.	Lol you think scarra is a nice guy, that's funny. He's really passive aggressive. Just before he tweeted a pic of him as pantheon with his foot on 3 clg member's faces. Scarra is an asshole but he hides it well. Nien just made a prediction like everyone else and suddenly he's an asshole lol
She was my first love ^ __ ^ newlinechar  newlinechar We met online. I used to run a website, and she was a big fan of mine. Eventually we got to talking, chatting on AIM, and discovered we had a bit of an interest in one another. She was a much older woman, and I was a young, sexy teenager. It started as an emotional affair. We talked for hours at a time. Her husband was, to say the least, a dick. I gave her the respect and care she didn't receive at home. I honestly didn't think I'd ever meet her, let alone fall in love the way I did. newlinechar  newlinechar Eventually the opportunity arose to meet face to face. Something we hadn't been able to do since we lived on opposite ends of the country. This was nerve racking for a lot of reasons. She was a married woman, with kids. I didn't even have a part time job. Nonetheless, we were determined. I used the resources I had to manipulate my time and arrange some extended 'free periods' away from family and friends. newlinechar  newlinechar Then I met her. It was in the game room of a hotel I was staying at. She traveled so far, just to see me. I honestly didn't know how I felt about that. She was so sweet, with a lovely smile. I definitely didn't feel like I deserved her. She was a wonderful woman, who to this day I've never met an equal. newlinechar  newlinechar I remember every minute of that day. Our first hug. Shooting pool. Holding a door open for her. Walking in front of her just in case she tripped going down the stairs. Then we kissed, the first time I'd kissed anyone. Then we made love. newlinechar  newlinechar Incidentally that 'oh shit' moment I described came almost two years later. I can't think of a time in my life that wasn't filled with happiness, just by having her around. I still feel guilty about it. Not because it started life as an affair, but guilty because I knew a happiness very few will ever experience. It almost seems selfish to be that happy with someone. newlinechar  newlinechar I could go on, if people are interested. This was only part of a 4 year journey. There is a lot to this story.	Oh dear, ugh. You could write sappy romance if you wanted. Half expected a loch ness monster to show up.
&gt;[The fact that UCLA won the national title during all three seasons Alcindor played is merely the third-most interesting detail of his college career](http://www.grantland.com/story/_/id/7185970/page/2/chuck-klosterman-lew-alcindor-pete-maravich-bill-walton-50-greatest-basketball-players-college-basketball-history#footnote3)	Dear lord I had no idea... Mindblowing stuff.
Considering 2 C9 members were diving at low health, I'd say ANY extra damage would have made the difference...	I was waiting for someone to make this.  I was just sitting there staring at Patoy.  
I'm familiar. It's exactly what my kid would have, if they were lucky.	I just looked at the website and now the things have screens and ringtone options. I liked the old ones with no screen. IMO it's what any kids under 12 need, not an iphone. 
We're past it now.  I just very purposefully don't speak to her about any personal matters.  We have very different world views and that's just something we need to accept about each other, even if we'll never agree.	:( I find it sad when especially parents and siblings and close friends can't agree to live and let live, and agree to disagree and be more accepting.
&gt; Internal sources   newlinechar  newlinechar Fuck that shit...	Internal sources i.e. sources that we can't tell you about i.e. there are no sources i.e. I just made it up.
The characters do appear in normal gameplay but with the figures you can access them earlier on.	Yeah. I was just saying you can download the game and play it without the figures. Unless you mean Skylanders, in which case I have no idea as I've never played the game.
I grew up in a very small Oklahoma town.   newlinechar  newlinechar While I did many things that most more urban people would see as redneck activities both as a kid and adult, I was still pretty citified compared to the farming, ranching, tobacco-chewing honkies I came up with.  Also, EVERYBODY played most sports and football.  I didn't.   newlinechar  newlinechar So, relative to those guys, I may as well have been Liberace.  But compared to most people outside that small world, I'm pretty masculine, including when compared to most straight guys.  And ESPECIALLY when I see these straight-but-emo-looking metrosexual guys that are in their 20s now.  It was a weird realization to finally have, but I'm sure it's why I seldom ping much on people's gaydar unless they're my age or older.  I can't tell you the number of younger people that were absolutely floored to find out I'm gay.  newlinechar  newlinechar As I mentioned, if I'm with someone, they're (hopefully) smart.  I enjoy being able to consider things with someone I respect.  It isn't that I don't like making decisions, it's that I like and prefer to have a sounding board and second opinion that I can trust.	Ohhh, okay that makes a lot of sense now.  Feminine relative only to your upbringing and limited pool of data.  Ahahaha, oh metros~ Interesting. I had never had someone explain liking smartness for that reason, and yet I myself like having sounding boards as well...  my brain is special -.-; newlinechar  newlinechar Anyway, ty for the clarity! newlinechar 
I don't agree with that. Dyrus has consistantly played Rumble very well throughout both splits, he's gotten better yes, but he's always been one of the biggest proponents of Rumble.	He tweeted he wasn't going to play rumble anymore after he lost post nerf, and he didn't. Then allstars, then suddenly more rumble play.  he has been consistent player but its still true.
It's 33 for Comcast.	I guess 620 is HD.
What tires are those? They kinda look like Maxxis Trepadors.	Mickey Thompson Baja claws. 33x12.5-15
Because the 3-in-1 editions say 'EVANGELION' across the top and the word is completed.	I'm not following...
My plan was to create a subreddit as soon as I had a name. If you have any suggestions i'd live to hear them :P	Call it: 'dueinghh'
My idol: newlinechar  newlinechar http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2c/Masahiko_Kimura_(1917-1993).jpg/220px-Masahiko_Kimura_(1917-1993).jpg newlinechar  newlinechar http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Masahiko_Kimura newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Daily randori or sparring sessions at Tokyo Police and Kodokan dojos resulted in numerous opponents suffering from concussions and losing consciousness. Many opponents asked Kimura not to use his osoto gari.[5][6]	No pic of him [Busting up Helio's shit](http://judoinfo.com/images/kimuragracie.jpg)?
Why the fuck is this downvoted?? But if someone were to say they drink and breastfeed, reddit would lose its shit. 	reddit loses it's shit over everything.
Wilson plays the panthers, not jets. 	Yeah got my tough calls confused. The Bears/Bucs choice involves the Jets. Hah.
&gt;Implying I can't get a woman pregnant.	Implying you make a lifestyle choice that is contrary to seeming biological norms.
Dear god. That's lucky. I would just take that as a win and never go to a casino again.	No joke I was down for a while, then I got hot, made back my losses and then some.  After that last hand we decided to take that as a sign to get beers.
Can i ask what fps you get from this?	Around 30. Some places are better or worse, but it's pretty consistent and never hinders my playing (YMMV; I know 30 can be unbearable for some people) newlinechar  newlinechar *The ENB is what really drops the framerate to the high 20s/low 30s. You can toggle it off and on by pressing shift+F12, though.
in Avatar: The Last Airbender, the iconic opening scene talks about how life was great until.... Everything changed when the Fire Nation attacked. newlinechar 	I saw one episode of the show, and I saw the movie. I know it was super terrible, but I kind of liked it because of the visual effects. newlinechar  newlinechar I have prepared myself for the downshmalayans
Go cop your own copper.	What about bronze?
That isn't Wedge, the helmet is wrong.	&gt; wong
25 year old hetero male here. I would top him off in a heart beat. 	Hey man listen, you might not be straight. 
No way brov. I had my 19-year old friend date a 16-year old girl recently and he got endless shit for it. By the way, 4chan is an 18+ site, so yes, they are above the acceptable age.	&gt; 4chan is an 18+ site newlinechar  newlinechar Because no one would lie about their age on the internet.
I prefer the 'I'll stick my hand in your cage and let you approach me at your own pace' socialization. Just do it multiple times a day. Give them treats if they'll take it. Everyone has their own method. Leave a t-shirt that you've worn all day inside the cage too. Helps them get used to your scent. newlinechar  newlinechar If they're overweight a diet switch like you've done may help. Hold off on peanuts those are VERY fatty. Try using cheerios as treats. Much better option, especially for them being overweight. You can mix it up with apple/cinnamon cheerios, honey cheerios, standard, etc. IMO I would let them have access to oxbow 24/7 and keep giving them veggies and monitor their weight before you make any drastic changes. newlinechar  newlinechar Just a normal rat thing. They'll cuddle sometimes, be separate sometimes, 2 will be cuddling and 1 will be off on her own. newlinechar  newlinechar In regards to the girls thin hair and dandruff, see if you can stroke her back. If it falls off its dandruff and some olive oil can help moisturize her skin. If it doesn't fall off it could be lice.	This is great advice, thank you! I did that for a bit, I sat in front of the cage and they came up and sniffed me, I gave them my hand and they put their paws on it and smelled me, sometimes nibbling on my fingertips, which still makes me a little apprehensive. Not maliciously, it's almost like they're testing the texture of my finger with their teeth. It never hurts, but feeling teeth on me all of a sudden surprises me. Then one girl climbed up the door onto the top and couldn't seem to get back down, so when I picked her up, she seemed much more comfortable. She held on for a second, but she didn't wriggle, or latch onto my hands like the did yesterday. And tomorrow I'll wear a shirt I don't care for much, and throw it in there afterwards. newlinechar  newlinechar As for their weight, they seem to like carrots and broccoli, which I'll continue to give them. Frozen blueberries seem to be a favorite too, but I know those are high in sugar. I don't have any Cheerios, so will unfrosted shredded wheat squares be ok? newlinechar  newlinechar I tried stroking my one girls back to see if it would flake off or not, and it was hard to tell. It seemed to come off her, but it blended in with my skin enough that I couldn't see. They seem to scratch themselves fairly often, but that could just be grooming, because they wash their faces a lot. newlinechar  newlinechar Thank you so much for all of the advice, it's really helpful. I'm so glad I found this subreddit.
There isn't a comic with the 'Uber' Red in it, its just referencing all the fanart like you said	There should be an anime like that.
A fourth?, there is only 3. **THERE IS ONLY THREE!!!!!**	The fourth movie in the series is A New Hope.
He was the last man with a scoring opportunity, so I get the card.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Still sucks though. 	Yeah, it should have been a double yellow in my opinion. A yellow for the shirt grab and a yellow for simulation. There is no god damn way that a shirt grab to the collar causes a persons legs to give out as if they were taken out by a leg sweep. Not to mention the two actions happened far away from each other in terms of space. It was clear simulation and that shit needs to be punished... instead we get this shit. Fucking hell. Something something MLS reffing is a fucking joke something something.
Oh? How do you know that?	i'm the oracle.  also, i saw the original posting and there were a few youtube comments on it revealing the story behind it.   newlinechar  newlinechar but mostly oracle.
It's not about saving time, that'd be fucking retarded. It's about fending off the idiots around you who'll make extremely risky maneuvers if you aren't assertive. newlinechar  newlinechar Don't be such a jackass, read the post first next time.	As with everything in life, preparation pays off. Defensive driving is not assertive driving. Scan the road ahead, constantly check your mirrors and prepare for the idiots that are bound to be on the road. You don't have to fend off the idiots if you're driving safely.
A giant garbage muffin puking rainbows 	[eh I tried](http://i.imgur.com/LDjKXlt.jpg)
Shinobu Time and Neko White happen at the same time. Mayoi Jiangshi happens before Neko White.	On the LN timeline it says that Mayoi Jiangshi spills just a little bit into Tsubasa Tiger.  newlinechar  newlinechar If you want the timeline I use I'll post it but it is so full of spoilers that I end up having to cover the center with my hand so I can read the dates and see which arc occurs when without seeing the major events of the story.
He needs to do that every fight, he's always moving it out of the way!	I wonder if this is a sign of how serious he takes Pettis as an opponent.
You may want to give him a block of wood to chew on.	Yeah actually his beak has been really good lately. Before I adopted him, he had this shitty owner who never played with him, seed diet, etc. and he actually had scissor beak for like 2 or 3 years. I don't wanna use a nail file or anything and so far it seems to be getting better over the years. Thanks for the concern though! 
What is it? I'm too afraid to click it that it's some malware website or a screamer	I think the throbbing penis *is* male ware.
THAT is the guy!  Yep.  Thanks!	valks is awesome. He/she might be busy getting the animals all set up for another cold season. newlinechar  newlinechar I will try to put up a list if I am feeling up to it. I have been fighting a 5 day fever/flu monster, with dry cough and just bleeeeegh. damn monster virus......
Glad to hear about the changes, however dunking seems to be overvalued, while rebounding appears to be undervalued.  Everything else, however, seems great! newlinechar  newlinechar Just my unqualified opinion though.	I agree, this is just what the regression told me. It could be that linear regression is not the best way to look at the data, or it could be that the current game simulation code overvalues/undervalues certain things.
How is he arrogant to take the chances that are given to him? He is getting signed to play for NFL teams so he would be an idiot to say no.	'Oh, you're gonna give me a shot at being a backup QB? No thanks, I don't deserve it. I think I'm gonna just go on unemployment for a bit.'
I have lost count of how many games we've lost because of missed field goals.	Like, there's seriously no one on the soccer team who we could recruit to do it better? I mean, I know that was a long fieldgoal try, but he wasn't even close...
I think the way they did it in rome 1 was suffecient. They can be recruited anywhere but they also name them as to acknowledge that they are not from there. i.e iberian infantry	Though the Carthaginian military didn't ever really have a constant type of unit wherever they went besides maybe a few units from Carthage but that was it. For the most part their military was comprised of units that were not constant wherever they went. An example would be in Sicily the Carthaginian army was made of Greek-like spearmen and warriors commonly found in the Sicilian area. Where as in Gaul the Carthaginian army was mainly composed of barbarian swordsmen and cavalry.
What?	Pregnancy. The punch line is pregnancy.
There are many instances of your point on power being used throughout the show, from Luffy's gear 3rd not chibi-ing him anymore to Law having a larger room. However, that's still just a matter of scale. Except for that one instance, we really haven't seen anything that definitively show a mastery over your element outside of yourself. I've seen a lot of people in this thread put forward examples, but none of them are nearly as concrete as the very specific line you've dug up.  newlinechar  newlinechar To your next point, I've seen this a few times in this thread. I like this from a literary point of view. I really do. But they simply don't say that. They just say that he's been doing experiments, and I always took that to mean that he's changing into different gases to see how they work on normal humans. If they had a conversation about that in particular, I'd say great. If they started drawing parallels between his work and the Rumble balls, I'd be over the moon. I suppose I should just read between the lines here. Heck, his work does specifically deal with DF's. It just doesn't seem like Oda's style, and it doesn't seem like a fruit that  compares well to others that we've seen.	BTW, I just checked the thing about Enel, in the translation [here](http://www.batoto.net/read/_/4884/one-piece_ch278_by_null/2) it says he's creating these electrical waves. But in the official Viz Manga it says he can sense them with his ability just like how Crocodile can sense the sand in the desert. newlinechar  newlinechar After some thought, I guess you're right about Logia users not being able to control stuff that didn't come from them. Unless there is physical contact or a link between them.  newlinechar  newlinechar Crocodile can't just flip his wrist and sand will erupt from a far. but he has to touch the ground in order to control the sand around him. Ace can't make a fire rise from a distance, but he'll be able to control it once he touches it. Enel won't be able to control the electrical signals  inside your body unless he touches you. If I go by this logic, then CC controlling the oxygen around him makes perfect sense. Cause it's everywhere and he's constantly making physical touche with the air. That's why he can take it away, just like how Crocodile can take away the moisture out of everything when he touches them.    newlinechar  newlinechar How about this explanation? It certainly changed my view just now, and I understand Logias better. I hope it convinces you too.
Dude, Simba's a guy.	Doesn't matter; had sex.
Are you certain he just didn't get off the wrong exit and try to merge back on? Either way, his approach would be dickish, I suppose. 	I always consider this in situations like this, but if they are doing it on purpose it is a real dick move.
I mean, it could be just some crappy art just drawn to be weird. newlinechar  newlinechar But; newlinechar  newlinechar - man is finding it hard to support himself in life newlinechar  newlinechar - man has no choice but to steal  (i.e, food) to survive newlinechar  newlinechar - gets caught newlinechar  newlinechar - man is expected to be responsible for his actions newlinechar  newlinechar - man is expected to give up what he can't afford to do (give up the food, or put his hands up) newlinechar  newlinechar - man is sad :( newlinechar  newlinechar the picture is playing on the fact that he can't just give up his 'hands' to do what he is told to do.	- And Ron Swanson.
&gt;  And how using depth of frame leads to one's success, and by not using it, the other's failure. newlinechar  newlinechar no.. he isn't..	Interesting ommission of the context right before it: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Depth of frame is one of the most effective methods of establishing a sense of place. Next let's look at two movies that both take place in, and try and capture the essence of, New York.  newlinechar  newlinechar He's just saying the Producers doesn't pull you into New York; ie it 'failed to give a sense of place'. This does not mean it failed as a movie.  This is made pretty clear with the following: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Note: The Producers is using this effect intentionally, however the lack of depth still stands on what your movie will look like without it.' newlinechar  newlinechar Idk why everyone's taking so much offense with cherry picked statements
can i admit something that bothers me? i love todd's reviews but every time  when he says 'ehhmm' it makes me want to stab a baby in the dick. also, todd, man up; let the community vote and comment on your videos.	I get you. The thing that bugs me about his videos is how much dead time there is, more often than not staring off-camera searching for the words. It's getting worse, too. newlinechar  newlinechar Here's a tip for all - at 6:33 he says he likes it. Save ya some time.
I'd say there's a very good chance we see a Chicago/Boston SCF again. Darkhorse out of the East, Islanders. Tavares is one of the best players in the game right now and his support makes the team a frustrating squad to face.  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit - fat fingers + autocorrect.	Tavares is definitely one machine of a man.
remind me not to get on a submarine you have worked on.	OK. Hey, please never get on a submarine I have worked on.
Why not freeze yourself?	Because I don't know a Butters.
Nothing was equal about those equalizers.	Unequalizer IMO
Now you *and* OP need to deliver.	I have no idea what film this is, but it was about an 8 second Google search to find it. [NSFW NSFW DUH NSFW](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x9u60k_marina-sirtis-nude-vs-faye-dunaway_redband). newlinechar  newlinechar OK, that's it. I've contaminated this subreddit enough for the day. I'm going outside. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Punctuation
Uh, they *can* actually see it before they've accepted it	Huh, since when? Courier contract are a just a fixed number of m3 and a collateral until you peak into the shrinkwrap. newlinechar  newlinechar At least it was back when I trolled under collateralized contracts for shits and giggles with my hauling alt a few months ago.
I can judge based on the fact I have seen a bazillion non autistic kids run away from their parents.	There are autistics that will run, it's part of their neurology.  There are neurotypicals children who run too but they can be taught different behaviors over time.  Some autistics can't ever override the fight/flight response.  Although there are lazy parents using leashes inappropriately, a leash is a reasonable choice for a good parent who is out of options to keep their child safe.  If the child is looks cared for, content and not bothered by the leash then it may be best to leave your judgements to your own parenting.
Some [brow cc](http://imgur.com/Rs5IMrs). What do you think? If you don't like it, let me know, and I can come up with a different shape for you. Brows that are far apart can make the nose appear wider. newlinechar  newlinechar *EDIT: [Here](http://imgur.com/iQGq9GS) is another brow shape option.	Great brow shapes, really plays up her beautiful face shape.
Haha, well I don't know if that's staged or not. My experience has strictly been that the compulsion to keep something is completely unrelated to its usefulness, and rather related to the thought that the useless item for some reason could be very useful down the road.. without knowing what it really is.  newlinechar  newlinechar But certainly I'll admit I've lived with one hoarder, not 100. And I never will again.	Well I am glad you survived. It is a heartbreaking syndrome for them and their loved ones. Be safe.
Well, first up, what do you *think* the pauldrons say? :)	Near as I can tell: newlinechar  newlinechar 'Don't Psych Me Bro' newlinechar  newlinechar and newlinechar  newlinechar 'Fire Fire Brothers Fire!' or 'Fire Fire BattleBros Fire!' newlinechar  newlinechar Both of which I may just put on a mook or two of mine now.
I'm your fool. 	Everyone's got their chains to break
Yeah, but right now, as far as I understand it's not great. 	Mainly just reverse image via Google to Facebook. That's my knowledge of it.
custom made with ikea parts: http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/S49932670/ (main table) then... newlinechar http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/80251358/ (upper shelf area) + http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/60105301/ (2 hind legs) newlinechar + http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/70217973/ (2 front legs cut down to 6 inches) newlinechar  newlinechar 	Sweet. Thanks so much dude.
are you going to profit from an attack on syria?	No the opposite. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Anyone with any money in the market (401k, roth etc.) has already lost money because of the talk of war.  newlinechar 
...uhh..'in'novation?	If you were a girl, you'd have my vote.  Or at least, you'd have the ability to make a deal for my vote.
Come to think of it, I think I meant after #20, now that you mention that. Your right. It doesn't make alot of sense for Atomica to be playing that game.  newlinechar  newlinechar Another thing I'm recalling right now is that Cyborg found Rhonda Pineda at Ivy Town University. Why would Atomica need to go to college?	You guys do realize that Alfred and Atomica arrived 5 years before the events of trinity war, right? Around the time of Justice League #1. newlinechar  newlinechar They probably spent those years building up a believable history, such as going to college and actually having a home life, not just sitting around rubbing their hands maniacally for 5 years.
&gt; we are against the intervention newlinechar  newlinechar Why?	Because why should we spend millions and possibly billions bombing another Arab country when we have millions of people within our own country struggling to put food on the table? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Plus... This being /r/ronpaul, I'd say most subscribers are for a non-interventionist foreign policy
We don't know yet. BTW it's a briefcase.	C'mon, he's insane. Look. Right now he's probably dancing around in his grandma's panties, yeah, rubbing himself in peanut butter! newlinechar 
Yes! newlinechar  newlinechar Also congrats to Maragos himself for making the roster!	He was a lock. This is his team.
I posted about it earlier, but man, me too. I have Dawg Pack tickets but couldn't go because of complications from a surgery I had last week. I gave my ticket to a buddy, but it really stinks to not be there when all my friends and family are!	Ya I was supposed to go up, but when I went on to book my flight the price had doubled to over 400 in less than 48 hours. I'll be at the Cal game though and down here when they play at UCLA. 
Yes they did. [Here's a link to the live demo](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WeZbGRglWs&amp;feature=youtu.be)	Hrm. I can't seem to make out his accent. I THINK it's French though, which is... good!
I don't think so - I think this would qualify as a 'transformative' work and would fall within an exception to copyright. 	Well it all depends on whether or not you would like to go to court over it. I was just letting them know in case they hadn't considered it. I'm writing a book with illustrations from reference photos and in my snooping around the internet there were a preponderance of litigation for just such acts.
Wait how did you get your license if you're only 6? These laws have been changing a lot recently.	Yep, I guess they have :D
Given what it was reasonable for Stalin to believe about the moral facts, his behavior is not very strange. Unless we think that there was some good epistemic reason for him to believe he had gotten the moral facts wrong via simply his first pass intuitions.	&gt;Given what it was reasonable for Stalin to believe about the moral facts, his behavior is not very strange. newlinechar  newlinechar Would you mind elaborating on this?
Plot twist: Arthur is a porn director and is signalling to the actor to slap the actress's ass.	http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lzoewt53am1r4x2h5o1_500.gif
I think not vaccinating your kids is stupid. But if old diseases resurface, shouldn't the vaccinated people be safe? It's only going to knock out those who chose not to vaccinated. Then it will die out again. Theoretically we should all be safe if something happens to get spread around again.  	The fear is that they are putting unvaccinated babies (who are too young to have finished their shots) and immuno suppresed (those on chemo etc.) children/people at risk of getting these diseases.  So it doesn't only hurt you and your children (and there's ethics questions there too, like how the faith healing parents went to jail but those who don't vaccinate and their kid dies of say measles don't) it can hurt all of the babies and sick people around you who aren't choosing not to vaccinate. 
Seriously, i want an explanation.	Forces are just accelerations. The source of the force does not change how it is applied (gravity, magnetism, nuclear, or just a person pushing/pulling something), so in the plane, if it accelerates towards the earth faster than the acceleration due to gravity, everything inside will tend towards a direction 'down' inside the cock-pit, or away from the earth (since the plane is inverted).
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXAi4EY_-NE	Any idea how to tell which ones are the fan submissions?
Mmmm trad cap. Nice art, microfoam is a lil bubbly though. Looks tasty!	Yeah it sat for about 30 seconds before I took the picture. It was tasty!
I know, but just the fact that they chose these questions for a kids menu that targets 8 year olds and under is ridiculous 	All but the lunar Chinese New Year and the Islamic thing I knew.
Some countries actually say it's the series finale. I believe we in the UK say that, yet places like the US say season finale, and the whole series ending would be series finale. newlinechar  newlinechar 	In the UK we use series where americans would use season. If it was the final episode would the posters not just say 'finale' as season/series is redundant in that case. 
&gt;a month ago.  newlinechar  newlinechar This just happened.	Right.. it's the same as any law no longer being enforced. DADT? DOMA? There's steps to changing policies such as drug enforcement and other things that exist at the Federal level.  This is the first step - It lays out *how* (without absolute specifics) to allow state's rights to become the framework for a larger scale legalization.   newlinechar  newlinechar As long as WA and CO do a bang up job of taxing and regulating, we will likely see a much broader scale change throughout the rest of Obama's term. Am I saying you should run out and smoke up anywhere you want in CO and WA? Nope. Not quite yet. But soon.  
Hyperfocal distance isn't very good for landscapes, especially if you have any intent to make a larger print of it. newlinechar  newlinechar I would say, in most instances, don't use hyperfocal for landscapes, especially if you have live view.  Unless you need to deal with objects very close to the camera, you don't need to do anything but focus on infinity and stop down. newlinechar  newlinechar With wider lenses, usually focus on infinity and stop down to f/8 or f/11 is enough to get the scene in focus well, and makes the horizon/sky line cleaner. newlinechar  newlinechar With very close focus, use Live view and DoF preview to adjust for focus at the closest point in the scene that you need in sharp focus, and check the horizon line or furthest point. newlinechar  newlinechar The latter option works well when using longer lenses with closer objects in the scene as well.	I have to disagree with this technique. I started using mirrorless and live-view zoom to confirm both infinity and close focus, but with growing experience, started to simply dial in the focus for the given aperture and found this to be equally effective. I haven't missed focus on a landscape shot in a long time. newlinechar  newlinechar The issue with focusing on infinity rather than splitting the difference is that you have to open the aperture beyond wha'ts needed at hyperfocal distance. My lenses are quite sharp enough that diffraction is an issue at f5.6.
Just an example.  For that yellow on Dempsey the announcer talking about the player who was booked, newlinechar  newlinechar 'He doesn't back down from a challenge, doesn't matter what you name is or what you resume reads.'	That's pretty bad.
It shrinks 1 size, not a lot. Size down by 1 only... newlinechar  newlinechar I've been wearing APCs forever.	this is not true, I usually wear a 30 and I got a 29 and they stretched out super bad, I should have got a 28
[Ermm...](http://i.imgur.com/jcDxFkP.gif)	[sorry bout it](http://31.media.tumblr.com/7f756802e0387c0b548dc90f69b73da1/tumblr_mm8zd1xm6q1spey9uo1_500.gif)
That really just boils down to 'well I don't want Mr. Kadhr to be charged with treason due to extenuating circumstances even though by definition his actions were treason'. newlinechar  newlinechar That's soft-headed reasoning because those circumstances are something on considers in *sentencing*.  They don't change his citizenship, (no matter how much the anti-Kadhr folks might it wish so) and they don't change his actions. newlinechar  newlinechar Mr. Kadhr is either a Canadian citizen or he is not.  If he is not, then the US should drop him off back in Afghanistan and let them deal with him. newlinechar  newlinechar But of course that's a problem, (and any advocate for Mr. Kadhr will say it is), because Mr. Kadhr *is* a Canadian citizen.  That means that by fighting against Canada he committed treason. newlinechar  newlinechar His age, his nasty family, and his time spent outside Canada are all factors when considering appropriate punishments, (not to mention his time already spent in prison), but they don't change his citizenship and they don't change who he was fighting against.	It is for more than just sentencing, but for determining guilt in the first place. Why? Because according to Canadian law, he would have to be charged under the legislation of the day when he committed the crime, which means using the now defunct Young Offenders Act.  newlinechar  newlinechar Using that, his case would probably be thrown out because of the lack of evidence, and the many violations during his time at Bagram and Gitmo. newlinechar  newlinechar However, even if the court did somehow manage to convict him, they would definitely have to let him go for time served, as the maximum sentencing in the YOA was 10 years.
I just pictured the crotch panel on the suit sliding off	Sliding off? Oh, how naive you are. If anything, there will be... *additions*...
As happened with libya, Russia and China were ''fooled'' in a way to authorizing UNSC force. I expect whatever 'limited' or 'surgical' strikes to do more than whatever they say they will. As for another false flag, do you think they'll do another one or is the aug 21 the one they'll settle with?	They'll do the strike and then assess the damage to his assets and provide intel to where they rebels should target weaknesses. If it goes wrong again, they can pull another false flag for round 2. Watch what happens after the first strike very closely and you will see the change in attitude if it doesn't go right.
Because my mom uses the Ipad and I use the laptop. I now have a new, personal laptop so if I get a virus it's my own problem.	In this day and age you have zero reasons to visit an unsafe porn site, just looking it up can give you a general consensus on if there is malware or any other type of virus. 
Also not featured:  newlinechar  newlinechar Horsemen and Horses and Men (KOTL, Lesh, Ck, Centaur, Magnus, Abaddon [more than 5, take your pick]) newlinechar  newlinechar 'It's a gamble' (Ogre Magi, CK, any crit, any bash) newlinechar  newlinechar The Bashlord Cometh (Troll, Slardar, Spirit Breaker, Lone Druid, Sniper, Faceless Void) newlinechar  newlinechar Team Skill Shot (Mirana, Lina, Lesh, Pudge, Windrunner) newlinechar  newlinechar How does it feel to be naked? (SF, Dazzle, Slardar, Vengful Spirit, Elder Titan) newlinechar  newlinechar Wings-a-Plenty (Visage, OD, Batrider, Skywrath Mage, Gyrocopter) newlinechar  newlinechar Are You Afraid Of The Dark (Nightstalker, Slardar, Bane, Shadow Demon, Shadow Fiend) newlinechar  newlinechar Nuked from Orbit (aka Global Strat - Zeus, Nature's Prophet, Invoker, Gyro (Must get aghs), Silencer (Must also get agh's)) newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Raindrop bodyshapes (Enigma, AA, Shadow Fiend, Morphling, Naga/Slardar/Veno)	Wait for LC, skip Leshrac, rush manta style on everyone. Riders of Rohan strat. 
yeah, but they [tried](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raymond_Lee_Harvey) 	Whoa... Thank you for your information, very interesting. 
Guys, we should all just put this *behind* us.	I agree. Those guys are just assholes
Keenum and Yates both made the team as well.  Wondering if they are actually going to keep both or explore trade options.	Reading all the training camp interviews, Kubes really loved the QB competition we had going for that spot. I don't think it would be a terrible stretch if, barring contract restructuring, a superbowl, or schaub just lighting on fire (like 2009 Schaub), we let Schaub go after 2014/2015 rather than taking the $17/19 million cap hits he'll cost us in 2015/2016 (respectively). Could be planning for the future already, and thinking these two have been really dynamic when it comes to elevating each other in competition.
Both are quotes that they say on Archer all the time... Reddit usually responds positively to Archer references, but I guess I'll go hang out in downvote hell for now.	Oh, duh, of course. Sorry, I hadn't eaten yet today so my brain was just like '...wut...' I don't know why you were downvoted though...
But I don't see the category for karate chopping ramen noodles box, stuffing them in his face, pouring hot water down his throat, and then snorting hot sauce through a celery stick...	Regarding the more obscure gifs, I would guess that they've collected/made these gifs and organized them in folders and then sub folders according to context.  
Thank you for your kind words sir, I le tip my fedora to you. 	Points for dedication at least.
Go back to /r/funny...	I know, right? newlinechar  newlinechar How dare he appropriate this subreddit.
If people want to kill each other over their particular belief in the *great* almighty then let 'em have at it. These people have been fighting for centuries. There is nothing that we can do to stop them short of nuking them off of the planet. I believe our resources would be of greater use in Africa. Too bad they don't have as much oil or maybe our main stream advertisements would cover some of their atrocities. 	&gt;  There is nothing that we can do to stop them short of nuking them off of the planet. newlinechar  newlinechar There's nothing I could say that could make you look worse than you just made yourself look.
I'll repeat myself: newlinechar  newlinechar The Church supports the use of very real police violence against women if they dare attempt the 'wrong' type of reproductive medical care. This leads to women dying due to unsafe underground procedures. That is not 'peaceful!' Church members give financial and social support for these actions. Church control over education and the family leads to generational perpetuation of obsequiousness and ignorance. Historically anarchists saw religion, Catholicism in particular, as the foundation on which the state and capital are built. newlinechar  newlinechar It really is a shame. There is a growing global atheist movement going on right now. Read any serious anarchist writing before the 1970s, at least any writing coming out of organized anarchist movements, and you would assume that anarchists would be at the forefront of 'new atheism', yet because of post-modernist abandonment of rationalism/empiricism and embrace of liberal multiculturalism and identity politics and a turn away from class struggle, we are nowhere to be seen. newlinechar 	Thanks for this reply!
The song [The Furthest Shore by While Heaven Wept](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDRQ3WrhSOM) (the artwork in reference) got me hooked.	Holy Sheep Dip!!!! Thank you for that link! I've never heard of this band before and they absolutely nail it. So many great tastes of different kinds of metal all in one song. Power, Progressive, a dash of Doom, a nod to Viking, Ambient passages....wow. Just freakin' wow.
Of course they are, however, the statistics don't lie.  In 2012, pit bulls accounted for 61% of all fatal attacks despite being less than 5% of the total dog population.  From 2005 - 2012, pit bulls killed one American citizen every 19 days.  Pit Bulls were cruelly bred for generations to be aggressive so they compete and win in illegal dog fights.  I'm basing my bias against pit bulls on data.  What is ignorant is to ignore the data and statistics on these dogs.  But for the sake of argument, lets say its because of the owners.  The statistics are still the same.  	I see what you mean, I think a lot of it can be argued similar to the nature vs. nurture debate. It's clear that both factors play a role. Humans took a beautiful breed and began to sabotage it for their personal entertainment. Statistics are good for hindsight, but each individual dog deserves it's own chance before it's labeled a killer.
Okay then you were on episode 4 of this season. 	oh. newlinechar  newlinechar I guess for some reason I thought it was a 4 episode show and stopped looking for new stuff. newlinechar  newlinechar Okay thanks yall.
If Jay Cutler sucked this year, I would seriously consider this if I were the Bears GM. 	If Cutler struggles why not turn to the draft? There's a lot of potentially good qbs in this one: Tahj Boyd, Teddy Bridgewater, AJ McCarron, Aaron Murray off the top of my head and I'm sure more than I'm blanking on. I'm not fully sold on AJ though, he was good last year and the year before but he's had a crazy good oline and running backs taking the pressure off of him and looked iffy today before I switched to the Clemson and Georgia game without that returning talent.
Well, they didn't get eaten...	You are correct sir.
Its spine is probably wrecked from that throw though.	You underestimate a cats flexibility 
Well, it looks fantastic. Can I ask your compression method?	None at all actually. This one is so small because I had to mask every single frame individually. There was so much tiny movement with the plants, shadows, and reflections. *Really* tedious but it turned out nicely.
https://soundcloud.com/ba55ik/flip-this-week-34/s-ZdkLT newlinechar Went for a more up tempo vibe, sadly didnt have time to make it longer and polish it up more	you still have 3 days
Wait, Reddit doesn't like Chuck Norris? What the hell?	[For ~~reference~~ lulz](http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/bbowl/you_know_what_fuck_chuck_norris_i_dont_care_if/)
I got this kit on sale a few weeks ago, and I'd like to transition to live plants. Maybe there are some low-light varieties I could have in here? I think anubias are really pretty, could these lights support them?	Anubias can grow in a toilet bowl. It will do fine in that tank.  newlinechar  newlinechar [Here's an excellent list of low-light plants compiled by someone on APC.](http://www.aquaticplantcentral.com/forumapc/general-aquarium-plants-discussions/46667-excellent-list-plants-low-light-tanks.html)
Wow.  Can we please start a separate subreddit for people who aren't complete idiot newbs?  I mean, this question demonstrates the highest level of idiocy I've ever encountered on this subreddit. newlinechar  newlinechar The timecode is burned into the image.   newlinechar  newlinechar Even my computer illiterate grandmother could have deduced that in less than 20 seconds.	I've been editing for 5 years now and have never encountered this because I was working with someone else's footage. Pretty sure there already is a more advanced subreddit called /r/editing if I am not mistaken. But thank you for letting me know!
United to finish 7th!	United dropping out of the top four would be the 3rd greatest thing to happen this coming season.
Yup!	It's been a while since I was there. I was like 8 at the time. I remember someone comparing it to my GBA and saying the GBA was vastly more powerful.
I've been considering picking up a used '07 Daytona 675 in Vancouver. Let me know how all this plays out for you in case I run into the same problem.  Hope you don't have to wait forever for parts. :( newlinechar  newlinechar Btw, where are the certified Triumph mechanics in town?	Hey bud!  newlinechar I say go for it. They are such a wild ride but they are expensive to insure and maintain as is evident now :( I at least wanted to say I'd owned one eh.  newlinechar  newlinechar So there are a few mechs. There British Italian motorcycles but they have a questionable rep depending on who you ask.  newlinechar There's pacific triumph in Richmond and western power sports in langley. Both with stellar ratings!  newlinechar  newlinechar There's also savage in Victoria if you feel like a weekend away :)  newlinechar  newlinechar Drop me a line if you get one.  newlinechar  newlinechar I posted a link there for all the VIN id's that are recalled. Make sure yours isn't one and you'll be sailing.  newlinechar  newlinechar Lets ride sometime. Cheers. Mate
Aw, sorry your hubby had such pain! Hopefully it's not something chronic. I can imagine how busy you must feel- my schedule is starting to crank up too! You can do it! You know what's funny, everytime I see your username on here, I instantly think of how you hosted part of the Amazon bomb via happy mime and congrats signage. It was so fantastic!	I hope so too! And yeah, it'll only be crazy for another month and then my job is over until next summer! And thank you! It's a shame I won't be able to do it again. I really enjoyed that.
[Here's](http://imgur.com/a/zTQAJ) the contents of my Oreimo wallpaper folder.  Not too many, but hopefully some of them are to your liking.  I cropped/resized them to 16:9. newlinechar  newlinechar I was always an Ayase fan, personally, but I have some Kirino as well.	These are just fine, thanks for sharing. newlinechar  newlinechar I was an Ayase fan too, but I just found there something to be so unique and attractive about Kirino. I dunno. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: THAT THIRD PICTURE. THAT'S WHAT I'M LOOKING FOR. I wish it could be Kirino or something though.
1101 0101 0000	1101 0101 0001
This actually substantiates what I've been saying. The UN is a democratic organization and it has no independent policy or will, it's simply the result of fleeting international consensus on various issues. Some day it might be an effective world government but not today.	dont bother with iluvucorgi.  You won the upvote battle.
I'm surprised we haven't heard any stories of anyone leaving the company in recent weeks. Surely there must be one or two employees (of all the sports columnists, puzzle creators, office workers, accountants etc) who are just as disgusted by the bias as we are. Surely they're not _all_ liberal voting slave employees? Apparently they might be. 	Why quit a steady job right before an austerity government tips us into recession?
Ohhh, super jelly.  Stitches is on my list as well.  With Static, I now have 4 of my dream villagers.	Congrats!
Meant is as it wasn't fucking with you, sorry I see now it wasn't clear	Lol no worries 
Honestly, I'm 99% sure the conversation was nothing like this subs idea of 'greedy pocket-lined sheeple riot advocate PAX employees are oppressing people by strong-arming them into playing LoL', newlinechar  newlinechar It probably went like newlinechar  newlinechar Guy: Hey, are there any Dota 2 PCs up? newlinechar  newlinechar Employees: 'Sorry, unfortunately Dota 2 isn't being promoted at this event. We have a couple games kind of like it running, plenty of people are playing LoL newlinechar  newlinechar Like really, they knew that he was looking for Dota, so they probably thought they were being helpful by saying there were other Dota-like games at the event	I can't speak for PAX officially, because I'm an Enforcer and not an employee but I can confirm from the years of tour in the PC area: newlinechar  newlinechar The Enforcers (most of the staff) interacting with attendees are not coached to sway attendees away or to any game. They simply present the options and are allowed their own opinions. Besides, I (personally) doubt the area manager would budge on the notion of 'Freeplay' vs. 'We advertise to attendees play'. newlinechar  newlinechar I think your assessment is dead on. Companies pay for their ad space and presence. They don't have that type of sway on the Enforcers. PA and their affiliates set up PAX, Enforcers fine tune certain things and make it work. Also, we love our attendees and can speak freely with them. It's what makes it a great experience.  newlinechar  newlinechar /2 cents from experience.
 can you be kind enough to explain to me how those ratios work? 	Its odds for betting,the lower number means you win less money for the bet because its less risky. I'm not an expert on it, there was a guy who was a bookie on here not too long ago
Carl called a QB spike on 4th down the other day with FAU.	I meant I miss him being our DC, I never thought he was ready for a head coach spot so I'm not surprised if he let something like that happen.  No one should argue he wasn't a great DC.
.	I see what you did there...
:( I'm glad you've been able to get outside once in a while. Have you tried any of Amazon's free music or grooveshark to get into bands you don't already know? &lt;3 I could recommend a few if you want. Love you lots. You're a trooper.	I am trying hard. I might go for a long walk later today. &lt;3
are there any other videos (different angles, longer version) ?	better quality
Thanks, I added you both, I'm just awaiting registration...	freelancespy, let's exit out and rehost to get GDPrince in
I hope it becomes more of an annoyance than anything. newlinechar  newlinechar Mikasa: Damn it!Eren was eaten by a titan again. newlinechar  newlinechar Armin: (sigh) I'll go get my swords.	Even Armin has cut more titans than Eren so far
What were the problems mate? Only one I've had is lack of players :(	Yeah same. Its been nearly flawless for me for the last week that I've been using it. Sure its not esea but its also free. And 1000x better than shitty valve matchmaking. newlinechar  newlinechar I would just like to see FF added.
Yeah I didn't understand this. If you're wired, it doesn't matter how far the router is. And if you are that close to the router, why would you even consider using wireless. 	I just said this above, but I'm using wired now.  When I move the PC back to my desk I'll go back to wireless.
Holy shit those tritons are huge. I drive a SUV but that was closer to a 18 wheeler than my xterra.	Yea it was pretty much a mini 18-wheeler.  newlinechar  newlinechar Especially compared to my Trans Am
Why not?	I suppose I can't argue with that.
I've been going through the navy for my personal future plan and I see that theirs a job for photography under arts and education that you may want to look at. Military, travel, and photography all of which sounds like what you may want in one package.	I was considering that but for the Marines! Do you think the navy would be a better option for that?  newlinechar  newlinechar Honestly it would be four years of learning and doing my interest with the added benefit of serving my country. 
They also enjoy losing baseball games	While I like my home team I'll give you what you most definitely deserve. [Hiyoooo!!!](http://www.hiyoooo.com/)
I like this picture but I didn't vote on it	I like you and still gave you herpes, go figure.
this isn't 11 newlinechar 	No, it's worse (for melee DPS).
With the Wings and Jackets heading east, who in your opinion is the top contender for the Hawks in the West? newlinechar 	I would say the Kings or Blues. Ducks, Canucks, Sharks and Wild are up there but not quite. The rest of the West seems to be in rebuild mode.
Of course hypotheticals are just hypotheticals, but if we ignore the MIke Davis fumble and the red zone INT we're up 28-0. We just need to limit mistakes and we're fine, really.	I'm sure UT will start off the second half a lot better, should be a night and day difference. Two touchdowns in a matter of minutes should fire this team up. newlinechar  newlinechar Better us get our jitters out of the way against an inferior team like NMSU than get blown out by OU or something.
I don't think many here would be happy with a draw. 	That's the height of their ambitions against us, to hope for a draw at Anfield.
[](/tigger)	[](/tigger)
There's the more popular /r/ImaginaryLandscapes too.	This is a goldmine for wallpapers. Thanks.
oh it does not huh? funny thing is i see theory and wild mass guesses posted on the main all the time. i think what you mean to say is ' i dont welcome this stuff here'? and /r/AdventureTheory actually welcomes you to ALSO post to the main as well. this fits just fine.	There are lots of theories on this sub and everyone is cool with it. But it's different when it's about wild mass guessing. I swear it's not me, right now this post is at 5 upvotes/10 downvotes, and I haven't even touched it.
Wyoming called that one	oops I been drinking
But Waka/DG is like like Manson level shit. 	It would certainly be a more effective 'get people who listen to it to murder someone' track. 
And the cup for drinking is 12 right?	Technically yes. newlinechar  newlinechar The 'cup' as noted on your typical coffee maker's urn is 6 oz. A mug is typically 2 cups, or 12 oz.
Rofl. Thiss is wat happins whin skools dont teech fonnix innymore. newlinechar 	&gt;innymo~~re~~ newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY
I said transportation energy. The liquid fuel economic infrastructure (in the transportation of goods sense, which is a fundamental backbone of economy) in many ways predates modern electrical infrastructure. We have close to 1,000,000,000 internal combustion engines in the world. And we have absolutely no way to supplement or fix the incoming liquid fuels shortages. Like I said, 98% of liquid fuels are petroleum-based. And not only the fuels. All the plastics, composites, fertilizers, pesticides, pharmaceuticals, construction materials, etc. They're all made from petroleum. newlinechar  newlinechar Hell, one *mile* of a typical municipal road can take 100,000 gallons of oil to pave.  newlinechar  newlinechar Electricity, no matter where it comes from, is a considerably small part of the economy. Beyond powering information systems, household life, utilities, and some components of production-side infrastructure, a vast swathe of the economy is hopelessly reliant on liquid petroleum fuels, and is in no way geared to switch any time soon.  newlinechar  newlinechar Without a continuous supply of *cheap* petroleum (there will always be petroleum, we have tons of it.. the problem is we are running out of the cheap stuff, and alarmingly fast), the economy will simply fail. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: And before we go all 'Tesla', EV's, etc., will save the world!'. They won't. And they were never meant to. Tesla's are luxury vehicles, and the batteries alone cost upwards of 10,000-20,000 dollars. Just imagine what they would cost for the diesels/barges/etc that use many dozens/hundreds/thousands of gallons of fuel in one sitting. newlinechar  newlinechar Barring some miracle of science that creates an energy storage medium comparable to liquid fuels (which won't happen), I think we're in a bit of a pickle. One barrel of oil contains as much usable energy as 11 1/3 years of an average human male's labor output (equivalent to 1700 kwh). And we use close to 80 million *per day*.	And nuclear energy is supposed to fix this... how? I mean that was your initial argument here. newlinechar  newlinechar And btw there is heavy research going into fuel produced out of algea for example - which is decades away from mass production but at least it's an idea.
There was no non-attack. There was only an attack. The arabs attacked the security of Israel by means of military buildup and imminent invasion. Israel responded in defense.  This is world-wide consensus outside of arab countries.	&gt; The arabs attacked the security of Israel by means of military buildup and imminent invasion. newlinechar  newlinechar Get lost. You aren't interested in facts so stop wasting peoples time with this garbage.
You're more likely to come across one of these lobsters than a shiny Pokemon apparently. Well that's what my 10+ years of playing the game has taught me.	Shinies are 3662 times more common that this lobster. 
This has veered wildly off topic from OP's question, but it's generating some interesting discussion. newlinechar  newlinechar I didn't give a shit about saluting until about a year ago when I was reading up on how the MACP got started.  I'm going to fuck up the quote that stuck with me, but it was something about 'it's not the techniques learned in combatives that matters, but the warfighting qualities that it fosters in its participants.'  Saluting, to me, has become a part of the big picture of 'shit that you do in the army to demonstrate that you know what the fuck you're doing as a soldier.'   newlinechar  newlinechar I know that the Warrant Officer rank structure is weird to 98% of the army, but I also remember the easy button back when I was a junior enlisted infantry guy of 'non-enlisted rank = salute'.  When I get gawked at and passed up by an E-2, not a big deal.  I feel kind of bad that his first line supervisor isn't setting him up for success, but it's a failure on the part of his trainers more-so than the soldier.  If a goddamn E-5 makes eye contact with me coming out of goddamn, Starbucks, then tilts her head down so as to 'not notice me' as we're passing 18' from one another on the sidewalk, I *might* yell 'BACKBONE OF THE ARMY' after her as she's getting in her goddamn GSA van.  All bets are off if I'm with one of the CW4s that molded me into an individual that metabolizes suffering and ejaculates victory.  I will not suffer the lazy or ill informed enlisted soldier to ignore someone that's been an officer since I was in grade school.  I'm not sure if that, amongst the other things, makes me an asshole, but it's what's been working for me.	Nail on head, brother. newlinechar I think it comes from both of us being enlisted and NCOs. It's one thing to make a mistake, it's another to be downright wrong. As I told one NCO who stated to a junior enlisted they didn't have to salute a 2LT because they haven't earned it yet, if you don't like where you are, go get your degree and apply to OCS, or try and make it through WO training. (Not to mention as a 2LT in 1998 I'd deployed to Somalia, Haiti (well, sort of a deployment) and Bosnia and had a CIB, AASLT, jump wings and my RLTW hooah tab.)  newlinechar  newlinechar I, as well, am much more likely to jump someone's shit if I'm walking with a CW3/CW4/CW5 (someone who clearly has 'been there done that') and I see a Soldier walk by and blatantly turn their head away pretending not to see. But I've more frequently jumped the shit of an officer that returned a salute with one of those half-assed wave at the eyes crap. It goes both ways.
thx, I was really struggling to read that. 	I expected more from you.
/r/urbanexploration ;)	Ahh.  Thank you!
It's a dotted line, meaning passing is acceptable. newlinechar  newlinechar And a turning light only shuts off when you turn it off or when you turn the wheel a significant amount in the opposite direction, so no, Blue didn't signal.	Passing is acceptable when safe.  Turns out it wasn't safe.  That's always on the passing driver, just like rear ending someone. newlinechar  newlinechar I also notice this sub-reddit figures all turn-signals should work like a later model North American vehicle.  Many vehicles in other countries are older, or are still made like they were here 20 years ago.  Those ones were not very bright, varied in blink duration, etc.  Seeing the vehicle for 1/2 second with the sun right behind it tells you nothing.
Ugh, what a cuntmonkey! &gt;:c  newlinechar  newlinechar Well you are so much better off without her!	Mmmhmm!!
On the LN timeline it says that Mayoi Jiangshi spills just a little bit into Tsubasa Tiger.  newlinechar  newlinechar If you want the timeline I use I'll post it but it is so full of spoilers that I end up having to cover the center with my hand so I can read the dates and see which arc occurs when without seeing the major events of the story.	Yeah I know the timeline well. I think it's better to say that Mayoi Jiangshi happens before Tsubasa Tiger because a majority of it does happen before it. 
Please mark the post solved	Done. Thanks for the reminder.
someone watching the blindside again?	Sandra is hot.
Oh lord, that video. When that part played I started loudly yelling 'DAMN!' That was quite a twist.  I got so many questions after that ending though.	This was my favorite parody... http://youtu.be/8UUD3zyu7Ek
It's funny how niche players seem surprised that developer's follow the old adage 'majority rules'. I would think it's smart to listen to the majority of the playerbase.	Sucks for the genre really.  newlinechar  newlinechar Here is an article from one of WoW's ex leads. Basically admitting that catering to the majority was ultimately bad. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.mmorpg.com/showFeature.cfm/feature/7540/Mark-Kern-Have-MMOs-Become-Too-Easy.html newlinechar 
The first time I read your post it came off as if it wasn't really a priority for you to find it. I didn't realize you put an honest effort into finding it. I would try explaining that to the guy, over the phone, before returning. He mat not have heard your side of the story, who knows what the employee told him.	He's been there every time I come in (works almost every day) and I was telling him about it the last two times I went in.  Out of our two conversations I had told him personally that I had gone through my car (which I was sure it would be there in the first place), my room repeatedly, including moving my bed to make sure it couldn't have made it anywhere under there.  I even checked all the kitchen drawers and the pantry and other places that made no sense. newlinechar  newlinechar The only reason I don't think I threw it away is because I have no memory of doing so and the battery was still good so I would have probably used it for a battery in the future.  Honestly, I'm a bit flabbergasted that I still haven't found it.  I told him all this and I think the shocking/weird part of it all is that he had the attitude of 'well, I guess it's gone.'  I knew it sucked I couldn't get it to them, but I didn't know there was a problem until today.
reddit loses it's shit over everything.	I know...a fat girl can't have a drink and smoke without everyone getting their panties in a twist. 
&gt;that take skill newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;storm newlinechar  newlinechar Pick one, burrowing widow mines while splitting markings is far harder than spam clicking t and a miving	Storms are easy yes, but ghost vs templar is not easy at all.
http://i.imgur.com/UNYlC.gif	Saruman, you asshole!
This is something Montecristo mentioned in his Grilled interview and elsewhere. Korean players don't have this type of security. Teams don't keep players because they're popular or get a lot of stream viewers, if you underperform, you get replaced. It's not the replacing that makes teams so good, it's the threat of losing your job that keeps the fire under their asses to perform well.	Exactly, I mentioned this because I recently watched Monte's Grilled and it really made me respect him and what he does even more, one of the most insightful interviews I've seen. Everybody should actually take a look at it, [here's the link](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfDKae7JgG0). It's 2 hours long, but man is it worth the time.
Did you see the 5 rune maces in the inventory?  newlinechar  newlinechar 	Do you? Because I counted 3. 
How is this a travel?  He lands left, right (almost same time), fakes right, then uses same right foot to go left and finish.	Both of his feet go off the ground twice
And you're epicly awesome!	Why, your to kind! :P
I want to maintain roughly my same lifestyle in retirement. I think my funds will earn 5% per year after I retire and am in less risky investments. Also factor in a little bit of inflation. My number is 5 million. 	You think? I'm not trying to be a jerk here...but, what unrisky investments give you 5%?
It's an often used tactic, but this time there really was a guy who he'd talked to earlier who had decided he wanted it and was on his way to pick it up, and I really did take it out from under him, is what I was saying.	How can you be sure that the salesman wasn't, in fact, using that very tactic at that very moment?
Of course, I just posted this to humorously highlight how ludicrously crappy the 'continuity' is.	Man, if you think this is bad dig into the replies of literally any wwe facebook post. You will lose faith in your fellow wrestling fan
Everybody makes mistake's	I before e except after c and unless you run a feisty heist with a weird foreign beige neighbor in Beijing.
is that fricking real!?!?	To a point, it is exaggerated: http://photojournal.jpl.nasa.gov/catalog/PIA08329
Can we not talk about that guy in at least one thread today?	What's your beef with Chaz Sutton? Or are you talking about English?
He is not actually injured...	? i dont get it then.
Says who? Because you disagree with it?	Do you need an invitation?
And leave what open exactly? Zac? Zed? There are only 3 bans. You can't ban everything.	Ashe, Rumble/Zyra and Zac/Zed depending on if you have first pick or not. newlinechar  newlinechar Remove the initiation and wombo-combo
:( I find it sad when especially parents and siblings and close friends can't agree to live and let live, and agree to disagree and be more accepting.	It is sad, but I think sometimes people just can't let go of their biases or attitudes that they were raised with, especially when they feel it somehow jeopardizes their lifestyles. newlinechar  newlinechar It sucks, but we live with it.
I think that's my favorite episode! They had so much fun XD	Honestly, the German guy seemed like a pretty cool dude to hang with. I could look past the cannibalism to enjoy a night of provocative conversation, good wine, and fine cuisine. newlinechar  newlinechar As long as it isn't fava beans and Chianti...
Nobody knew the lead was turning.	Really?  How did you determine that?
Yeah, seriously though, what the hell Michigan? You just decide medical was enough?	go to WI and from IL...yet neither
It didn't look like he was fouled.  It seemed like he pulled his calf muscle or something like that.	Yeah, the replay showed no contact. Just a pulled muscle or something like that. No idea how bad it is. We probably won't know for a day or two. 
Yes, and if we could ask the OP to change the title, we would. However, this is not possible. We do not allow discussions of current events in this sub, [as per our rules.](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/wiki/rules) 	Very well. My apologies and thank you for the correction. 
Hey, sort-of-cis sort-of-genderqueer person drive-by commenting here. newlinechar  newlinechar I was flipping from subreddit to subreddit and saw your post, and I just want to say: growing breasts can be a mindfuck. Even if you want them. Even if you expected all your life that you were going to grow them. They take some getting used to. newlinechar  newlinechar If feeling entirely excited and non-conflicted about going through puberty was a requirement for being a 'real woman', that would rule out a WHOLE LOT of people.	Good point. I'm worried now that I came off rather essentialist here but I was just freaking out because so far it seemed like I was making really solid progress away from feeling weird/bad about my body and then this curveball came along.
Woah! My fastest was like twelve hours. :(	Cutscenes count towards the time if I'm not mistaken, so that's why your time is much longer. 
Gravity doesn't make boob sag, dude, only excessive gravity, think of your boobs like any muscle, if they are supported are they gonna develop the resistance to gravity, now excessive movement is bad though	Except breasts are mostly fatty tissue...
Really, this sounds like the most likely scenario. What I'd like to know is why is this story tucked in /r/conspiracy and not /r/news or /r/worldnews ?	Because the democrat (mostly this) / republican circlejerk would have just buried it.
No problem! FYI, I'm seeing 'thigh bruise' now from folks online.	Gotcha, thanks! Sounds like he'll be good then
I'm not pandering, but nobody hands you that kind of freedom.  You have to speak your mind and accept that you are going to get shit for it.	I've gotten shit for it before, but someone's gotta do it. I just find it strange how they're so quick to brand people racist just for speaking out against Islam. 
Is this the game they play in AA?	No idea
Who is gonna take the 5th spot? Smyly?	You only need four SPs in the playoffs.......
If we legalize gay marriage then we will legalize bestiality. People were making the same arguments against interracial marriage 50 years ago 	Oh, I see. So just as unfounded and bullcrap as the religious protests.
Wait so, you don't really like Al Nursa, yet you're against the torture, killing, and false imprisonment? Seriously?  newlinechar  newlinechar Do you know what Al Nursa has done to innocent people simply based on their religious views? 	This so-called Syrian doesn't believe Islamists are committing any atrocities in Syria. 
Note: If you are unsure if your lobster is safe to eat after cooking, check the texture of the meat in the tail. In a good lobster, the meat is firm and fleshy. In a bad lobster, the meat is soft and has texture more like cottage cheese.	Thank you, I did not know that. I will spread the knowledge.
I like the way you are thinking however you might as well take another step. A photo doesn't mean that what you see hasn't be tempered with. At this point they might as well alter the screenshot beforehand and then take a photo of the edited screenshot. BAM insta-credibility since it's a photo, right? No.	Good point! At that point I'd credit the OP anyway just for the extra effort
'Amazing chest ahead'	'Weakness amazing rear'
A bit of a confusion at the start, but it was fun. Not a lot of people showed up.	Who won?
No you are wrong if you have actually been o. This subreddit before you would know that. I was told it was 'wrong' that I watched the English k on and lucky star	Well there are those people, I didn't mean to imply otherwise. newlinechar  newlinechar Just to say that the majority of people hate dubs here is ridiculous becuase we have people DEFENDING them so often. newlinechar  newlinechar 'Well, to be fair, Cowboy Bebop's dub is great... probably even better than the sub' newlinechar  newlinechar 'Yeah, FMA is great too' newlinechar  newlinechar 'And Baccanno!' newlinechar  newlinechar The list goes on forever.
What did you have that made you pass out?	I caught a nasty case of impregnation. 
i have been looking everywhere for an answer for this question. is the 'real' infinity ward making this or is that still back at activision? newlinechar  newlinechar 	IW at Activision is only IW in name. Frank West and Vince Zampella are at Respawn Entertainment now (Titanfall).
&gt; no option of turning it off. newlinechar  newlinechar Try looking, I don't know, in the settings. 	There is no option in the settings to turn the compass off. Oh you do NOT want to challenge me on this. newlinechar  newlinechar When Oblivion was in pre release and they announced the compass feature, the forums flew into an uproar. Someone asked 'Can you include an option to turn it off?' The official response was that it was so integrated into the game you wouldn't be able to play with it turned off. I thought this an odd response. newlinechar  newlinechar Turns out he was right. Every single quest gives incomplete instructions, and has you rely on the compass. There is no in game option to turn it off. If you modded it off, the game would be unplayable as most quests say 'There's a lady in Anvil who can help you' or 'there's a dungeon out west where my sword is!' you'd literally search for days trying to do ONE quest this way.  newlinechar  newlinechar You CANNOT turn off the compass without breaking the game.
My sister is almost 18 and she likes Oc too.	Yay! I'm not the only one! newlinechar 
No, he did not really invent much at all. He did however get credit for a significant amount of ideas he stole. Ideas he couldn't steal he would do what ever possible to make sure it would not see the light of day. I have not and will not ever call that man a 'prolific inventor', 'prolific psychopath' however fits very nicely.	If only he wore a black turtleneck.....
Fukushima. Fukushima is the big story that's being avoided. It's going to end the modern way of life on this planet, especially since the powers that be are content to ignore the situation unfolding. 	can you eli5 fukishima?
From stargate wiki: newlinechar  newlinechar The Goa'uld first arose in the waters of P3X-888, originally as predators. Eventually, they began taking the native Unas as hosts, becoming more adaptive. They eventually learned how to operate the Stargate the Ancients placed on P3X-888 and left, taking Unas slave armies with them. (SG1: 'The First Ones') newlinechar  newlinechar Under the leadership of Atok, the Goa'uld developed the first of their society as conquerors, stealing Ancient technology and adapting it to their purposes. In 22,000 BC, Atok was killed by his son Apep, and he reordered the leadership of the Goa'uld. Apep shared power among his underlings, Ra, Nut, and Thoth. However, around 17,800 BC, another Goa'uld began to rise in power: Anubis. Apep's powers began to decline in this time, and Anubis gained more power. Anubis then killed Apep, devouring the symbiote before the eyes of the Goa'uld. However, Ra managed to rally the others in Apep's name. After three centuries of civil war, Anubis was defeated and exiled. Ra organized a new leadership called the High Council of the System Lords. Ra installed himself as the Supreme System Lord of the Goa'uld Empire, and took the Goa'uld Queens Hathor and Egeria as mates. (RPG: 'Living Gods: Stargate System Lords') newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar So it seems like they originally dominated on the backs of the unas armies and hosts. Genetic memory gave them an advantage over other species and so they would have been able to steal technology from any civilisations with advanced technology (at the time that could include the Nox, Furlings, the occasional Ancient or Asgard and whatever other races we don't know about). For example it is known Ra took the Asgard Casimir as a host for a short time, so it's not too much of a stretch to guess that maybe they stole some early Asgard stuff.	The weird thing about that story is that Apep is another name for Apophis. newlinechar  newlinechar Doesn't seem to fit...
And infinite wards, so you could jump around faster and find the little fucker	absolutely!!!.. why not you could have lee sin's hop to enemy lee sins ward hop past them and kick the teemo to another one! edit: YOU COULD MAKE THE FOUNTAINS BE THE GOAL POSTS ONLY TEEMO KILLS COUNT
 newlinechar I remember mud huts on backwards worlds haha. newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah, I think he skips the cool descriptions of the future and mostly focuses on cultures. Andrew Wiggin is not in an urban place, not by any means, and different planets have different levels of technologies due to being settled at various times by various people.	Yeah he definitely focused a lot on anthropology.  I'm actually really liking Speaker for the dead!
I've never heard of anyone doing that in Madden.	GOTTA RISK IT FOR THE BISCUIT 
Im a fan of KP, but you are right to be skeptical. However, this is just very congruent with everything else I've seen her do, in interviews and the media etc. She just has a genuineness about her, in my eyes.    newlinechar    newlinechar i.e if it were Chris Brown in KPs place, everyone would see through it.	Chris Brown would probably punch the autistic kid for getting more attention than him. His fans would then defend his autistic child beating ways and humanity would die a little.
&gt; As for the 'reason' people are atheists, it does annoy me when people bring this up out of nowhere. They haven't polled atheists.  newlinechar  newlinechar This has been surveyed.  If I recall correctly, the number one reason people were leaving Catholicism was because of their extreme policies against homosexuality, abortion, and birth control which accounted for about half of the de-conversions.  The conflict between science and religion did get mention, but I think it was around 10% or so.  So, yes, some people are leaving religion because of science, but it only accounts for a small percentage. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: [Looked it up.](http://www.pewforum.org/2009/04/27/faith-in-flux2/) newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;In contrast to opinions on these questions, majorities of those who have become unaffiliated disagree with the idea that science proves religion is just superstition. Only 32% of former Catholics and the same percentage of former Protestants agree that science proves religion to be superstition, and fewer still (less than a quarter) say it was important in their conversion.	Sorry, I meant the people who tend to say this to me haven't polled atheists, or read these studies. I'm aware there have been lots of polls on why people leave their faith, and they almost always tend to be because the religion they were in was doing things they considered immoral. newlinechar  newlinechar I usually hear, with this argument, that people are atheists because something bad happened to them, so they turned their back on god. It's almost always about atheists not understanding the religion properly, instead of finding something they disagree with, whether it be morals or science or a million other things.
Around 30. Some places are better or worse, but it's pretty consistent and never hinders my playing (YMMV; I know 30 can be unbearable for some people) newlinechar  newlinechar *The ENB is what really drops the framerate to the high 20s/low 30s. You can toggle it off and on by pressing shift+F12, though.	Coming from console about 6 months ago I find 30 to be absolutely fine. Thanks man will certainly take a look at the ENB at some point after I have played the shit out of Rome 2!
What is this meme called	It is something along the lines of forever resentful mother. 
Yeah it sat for about 30 seconds before I took the picture. It was tasty!	That would explain it. What are you using as your bean?
My pleasure. Don't be intimidated by the exam. As a general rule, the SAT II is easier than the corresponding AP exam, so you'll be fine on the SAT II if you did well on AP Physics B. That being said, even if you didn't do well on the exam you can still pull a good score on the SAT II.  newlinechar  newlinechar Don't underestimate math II, though; in my experience, that one takes a respectable amount of review if you want a good score. 	I got a 3 on the AP exam...which I don't know how to feel about. (In other words, I'm not sure if I was confident in my ability to get a 4.) How should I expect that to translate on the SAT Physics test? newlinechar  newlinechar I'm also not confident in my understanding of Optics, Electromagnetism, and Modern Physics. My teacher wasn't able to cover them in depth in preparation for the test, so most of my studying was independent and thus not properly-instructed. newlinechar  newlinechar aside from a review book, would you suggest anything else for the math II test?
[What's cooler than being cool?](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cryonics)	Cryonics! *Wait*...that's not how that song goes...
Well I try not to watch many videos to keep some of the surprise. Now that you say it will be interesting to see the victory conditions...also economic victory lol good one :P 	It is weird though but I will try to not spoil it for you, but you still have to conquer a bunch of regions for economic victory.
Have you asked your vet about the cat with urinary issues? That can be a sign of a urinary tract infection or other serious ailments that are worth nipping in the bud early.	Yeah we have. It's a thing about marking territory. She does it to everything new except people. But she would if we sat still long enough. We had to train her out of it with a spray bottle technique, but it still happens occasionally. 
I think that if you right click on both the tanks in question, you'll have the option to transfer LF&amp;O.	thank you!
oh. newlinechar  newlinechar I guess for some reason I thought it was a 4 episode show and stopped looking for new stuff. newlinechar  newlinechar Okay thanks yall.	That's weird. This season is gonna be 24-26 episodes long.
[](/twishrug) The penis works too	I'll just press the buttons with my penis newlinechar 
155mm shell &gt; flak jacket	I think it was a CoD reference, since he said Flak Jacket, not a flak jacket 
No AOE dmg = slow cleartime , you must be using internet explorer, cause this is s3 not s2 	So she's just as fast as J4, Lee, Naut, Amumu, and Sejuani then? newlinechar  newlinechar No, she's slow as shit. 
One old guy dank an entire bottle of vodka because it wasn't allowed to bring it on the plane... Boom!! Collapses newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: he not it	ya he's an alcoholic but you don't have to call him an 'it'
Some people were born animals, though... I don't like solitary, but it's just another one of those things where I have all the questions, but none of the answers.	People who are born animals are mentally ill, solitary confinement won't fix that.
It's St.Paddy's. Not Patty's. 	Thanks, Ted.
Nah, its like minecraft or lego, half of the fun is building the project itself. 	Well, best of luck to you then!
I think the word you're looking for is embellishment. Yes it's a foul, yes it slowed him down, no he did not have to fall over there.	Which is irrelevant. The player doesn't have to go down for it to be a foul 
It's neither ignorance nor negligence. People have and understand the hatred. But I, for one, want to keep it civil because I have dared tread the waters of /r/gunners, and the stench is unbearable. I don't want /r/coys to become that monstrosity. newlinechar  newlinechar Similarly, the 'stand up if you hate arsenal' chant is sung in heated, stadium atmospheres, after a few drinks, around your peers who are passionately supporting their beloved Tottenham. This is not a stadium atmosphere, it's a forum for discussion and such! newlinechar  newlinechar That's why I'd prefer to keep it civil. I'd much rather that, than an /r/soccer pissing contest.	It's also a fairly old, and at this point virtually traditional and ubiquitous, chant sung by a ton of clubs' supporters since the real song came out ('Go West')
Fall is coming, let the pumpkin ale microbrews begin!	Here here!
Best use of this gif, ever. 	/r/RetiredGif
We thought an August 5th deadline was fair - Solis is fair bit of travel from Carson, and we realise everyone is busy with their own projects, etc. 	August 5th was about a month ago. Unless you're saying Rourke has a little under a year?
Yeah, and the artwork is one that has been spoiled already and it has nothing to do with white or pegasuses. Seems unlikely.	Except it's a hero bowing before a mural of Heliod w/ what looks like a pegasus in it. 
basically we all went out for lunch like 5 of us. passing the joints around 2 days before Christmas break. 'oh hey guys, no dont bother dropping it i already saw it' They made a big spectacle of the whole ordeal. The whole school came out to watch us get arrested. I remember the chants for the one kid. 'Run Alex! You can make it!' I'll never forget standing there late Dec with my hands up against the fucking shed with no gloves on. Aftermath was suspended for a week, and grounded the worst grounding of my life for a month. 	&gt;  Aftermath was suspended for a week, and grounded the worst grounding of my life for a month. newlinechar  newlinechar 
[](/tigger)	^^^^I've ^^^^seen ^^^^some ^^^^shit. [](/tigger)
Agreed. I made this point in another thread, either people forget quickly or they do no wish to face the fact that this is a very common political practice. I am not saying I like it, I would much rather the full information be open and available to the voters well ahead of time, but it isn't. Does the system need to change? Yes. Will the system change anytime soon? No. Just watch at the next federal election, Labor will be doing the same thing again. 	&gt; Just watch at the next federal election, Labor will be doing the same thing again. newlinechar  newlinechar Unless we, the voters, send a sufficiently clear message that hiding this sort of information is unacceptable. newlinechar  newlinechar The parties aren't at fault, we are.
Now?	Maybe he means NWO.
Cool, thanks, I might try this advice. So far I've been pretty lucky with packs and pulled some low golds and high silvers (78 Vincent Jackson). newlinechar  newlinechar How do you make 15k? Auctioning cards or what? Thanks for helping me out, I barely played MUT on 12.	Play the Seasons mode. Incredibly fun plus you get some decent coins from winning and even losing. Play solo challenges. Sell your bronze cards!!!!! The Team collections are all bronze cards so people are buying bronze cards like hot cakes! Go through your reserve bronze players and see how much they are going for on the auction block and undercut the lowest price. For instance if your bronze CB is going at the cheapest for 2000 on the auction block you should post yours for 1700.
Keeping that attitude helps.  Might be the key you've been looking for. 	Does that really have an effect?
[](/ppexcited) you're pretty wrong 	[](/cutevinyl) Nope.
TIL alcoholism is a diet.	Anything is a diet if that's all you eat or drink.
I think beyond a hundred dollars the returns are pretty marginal, so I'd probably go with 5 ~$100 bottles. Highland Park 18, Nikka Yoichi 15, Bruichladdich PC11, Talisker 18, and then sink whatever's left over into a bottle of Caol Ila.	Thanks! 
Dover, DE represent! No? Okay :(	GO FIND MY TIN!
I tighten my grind from this morning, thinking it would get me a better cup. Although there was really no room for improvement now that I think about it. That is why I'll revert to my prior grind settings for my next cup. I think it will keep my TDS while lowering the %ext to a more desirable level. If that does not work out, I'll increase my dose as you suggest. My first cup I had a 17 gram dose to 300 grams of water. The second cup was 17 grams to 313 grams water (got a little careless). My other typical dosing is 25 grams to 350 grams water. This is for the Nel Drip.   	1:14 is a really tight ratio and 1:18 is pretty stretched. Have you tried the good 'ol 1:16?
1101 0101 0001	1101 0101 0010
Nope I always congratulate awesome tanks. As a Tank myself I'm always very nervous about getting a bad tank when on a non-tank character. :( newlinechar  newlinechar People surprise me sometimes though!	Well if I ever level my Jug I hope to surprise!
Obviously wasn't that much of a problem, he just fed off everyone else.	Yeah it wasn't much of a problem against Dignitas who can't hold leads, but against a good team it doesn't make sense. newlinechar  newlinechar And I don't think C9 is picking champs because they go in with the mindset their enemies suck.
I'm guessing that the Qunari you play as is one that has converted to the faith of the Chantry, not a traditional Qunari bound by those rules. You play as the head of the Inquisition, the Chantry's military, so I'm pretty sure you'd have to be a member of the Chantry, haha. 	Well, I can still at least hope someone makes references to the fact that you are Qunari then. Nothing disappoints me more than making different races for them to all be treated equally.
Most smoke shops sell detox kits. Or at least they used to.	Do detox kits work?  I've always heard they were scams.
It could be Sahin all over again, but he was probably on Chelsea style wages so may have found it hard finding a loan place at smaller clubs. newlinechar Player aside it seems like a good deal for both clubs.	I think Rodgers learned from the Sahin experience though, and we sorely needed another person on the wing so coutinho could stay in the middle
Yeah man I just couldn't stop staring at that one typo. I'm always amused at those people who clearly know enough to use the (intended) word in proper context yet can't spell for shit.  newlinechar  newlinechar Grammar is a lost art these days, and I'm saying that as someone who makes grammatical errors all to often. 	I'm surprised that last guy used 'whom' properly.
Are you guys on the same reddit I'm on?  This is on the front page: newlinechar  newlinechar [Obama to seek Congress vote on Syria military action.](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-23916752)	(Please don't downvote him- this discussion/point of clarification has to be seen by others.)  newlinechar  newlinechar He claimed the authority, but said he's going to Congress (this time) anyway.  newlinechar  newlinechar Pretty much the same as his NDAA signing statement. 
In this case Abbott is correct. There is no good side in the Syria conflict.	Yes. There's not much I agree with Abbott on but in this case he's right (At least that we shouldn't be getting involved. I dont like the use of the term 'baddies' at all, however). newlinechar  newlinechar On the other hand, I wouldn't be at all surprised if once Abbott is elected the stance of both parties on this switches entirely thanks to diplomatic pressure applied by our 'allies' on the ruling party.
No. One. Is. Providing. Citations. newlinechar  newlinechar ^^^^^^^^^^^^such ^^^^^^^^^^^^a ^^^^^^^^^^^^fucking ^^^^^^^^^^^^circlejerk	&gt;Hypothyroidism, or an underactive thyroid, is associated with decreased metabolism, and you may experience modest weight gain (5-10 lbs) as a result. Most of this weight gain is due to excess salt and fluid retention. newlinechar  newlinechar [source(American Association of Endocrine Surgeons)](http://www.sharecare.com/health/thyroid-disorders/do-thyroid-problems-cause-weight-gain;jsessionid=6DE87937B9D294C744676C0058F5A8B1)
Loki all the way	LOLki
OK, you want me to argue linearity vs. open world, I can do that. newlinechar  newlinechar Perception is important.  It's why game developers spend money on art assets, voice work, and really anything that isn't pure gameplay, including storytelling.  It's not fair to dismiss order of play as a mere 'illusion of choice,' because that kind of choice has an immense effect on the player's perception, even if the story is the same either way.  In ME and DAO, I feel like I'm playing the game *explicitly to advance the story*; I wouldn't play if there wasn't a story payoff sooner or later.  In DA2, I feel like I'm advancing the story in order to experience more gameplay; as soon as the gameplay ceases to satisfy, the game as a whole does too.	This is where it becomes a matter of opinion, I guess. I never got tired of the gameplay in DA2, always enjoyed the sidequests, and when it was time to advance the story, it felt like it. I can certainly see where you're coming from, but the experience wasn't diminished for me.
While we're on the topic, breastfeeding being the cause of weightloss is also a myth.	It helps the best get rid of after birth bleeding faster. Its lots of blood newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: but it probably isn't 30 lbs
Why does the cost of the boat matter exactly?	Because it'd be cheaper to just buy the boat from the enemy, than to shoot it. Duh!
Lucid dreaming doesn't lead to sleep loss. It causes your mind to be more active during the REM stage of sleep but you still get just as much deep sleep, deep sleep being what you need to actually 'recharge'.	I don't mean sleep loss, I mean it in the way that you feel more tired usually. 
You gonna laugh or actually back your claim up?  If you sit there and just say 'rofl' and imply that I am crazy that just makes you look bad. newlinechar  newlinechar I put up a valid point now fight it. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, why dont all you people that downvoted me argue with me?	Well, I'll try to do some backing up here, then. newlinechar We're not talking about something massive, here. just something that may have accelerated the blast, or created an impact hole. newlinechar  newlinechar Either way you stand on the issue, can you debunk the towers falling at nearly -9.8m/sec? That, newcomer, is what keeps us all wondering what really happened.
I'll open up a restaurant called 'Le Reddit' and every joke and term will be copied from 4chan. Especially the phrase 'OP will surely deliver' and related memes. 	Le nailed it!
Assuming you are on pacific time?	Si.  I think it follows the current match (Wozniaki)?
Wow.	Didn't matter, though it very nearly did.
Though the Carthaginian military didn't ever really have a constant type of unit wherever they went besides maybe a few units from Carthage but that was it. For the most part their military was comprised of units that were not constant wherever they went. An example would be in Sicily the Carthaginian army was made of Greek-like spearmen and warriors commonly found in the Sicilian area. Where as in Gaul the Carthaginian army was mainly composed of barbarian swordsmen and cavalry.	I would argue though that the troops that we see like numidian  cavalry and iberian infantry were fairly consistant up till there fall so they did have consistant troops just not from carthage itself
I'm not familiar with that phrase.... 	Ref-complaining.
Thank you, I'd never even heard of gimp. Besides coloring and shape are there any little details I probably hadn't thought of?	be aware of gradients. zoom in to original icons if you have to. small details make or break the look 
we don't allow torrents or DDL links in the subreddit.	That's fine I can respect that.
install samba newlinechar &gt;sudo apt-get install samba newlinechar  newlinechar i dont remember the exact command... there are online guides for it. newlinechar  newlinechar anyway, it allows SMB filesharing which is how windows likes it. newlinechar  newlinechar then plug in a powered usb hub, and a few large hard drives.	I use samba with a raspi for NAS. Not particularly quick (transfer rates with a 5400 rpm HD are ~3 mbps), but has been very reliable. VLC will stream HD video with no buffering. 
The problem is, myself and many others staircase to bedrock to find diamonds. If we use this rule, nobody will be able to find diamonds unless they are in chests or if a cave above y=32 leads to diamond level.	That's the idea, you should have to take some sort of risk to get diamonds. i.e. caving. That's why strip mining isn't allowed. Stair casing is just as bad as strip mining IMO. It removes the risk.
But he keeps the comment to post ratio necessary, you don't NEED to post other's work.	&gt; Feel free to post links to your own content (within reason). But if that's all you ever post, and it always seems to get voted down, take a good hard look in the mirror — you just might be a spammer. A widely used rule of thumb is the 9:1 ratio, i.e. only 1 out of every 10 of your submissions should be your own content. newlinechar  newlinechar Comments aren't 'content'.
any evps on that voicemail?	Not currently. I've called the number and it said the number isn't available. I'm hoping to do some type of investigation sooner or later.
Fried goodness. 	Entirely worth the crippling stomach pains that followed.
It's definitely wrong...	Yeah, well the poisonous fact is [true](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Avocado#Toxicity_to_animals)
Nah, he ate the baby upon release from the uterus.	Thats some greek shit
Krampus comes and you should worry newlinechar  newlinechar Fa-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la newlinechar  newlinechar Beat your kids with fists of fury newlinechar  newlinechar Fa-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la	Down we go to Fire and Torture newlinechar  newlinechar Fa-la-la la-la-la-la-la-la
I understand your point - he's certainly used to living off of less than I am, but he wants to move up in life and be at a higher income level (right now he's looking for any income at all). Income is not a sign of success, but I do think I could be happier being middle-income than near the poverty level, because I like the security of it.  newlinechar  newlinechar You do make a good point though, even a rich person could become poor tomorrow - but that also means that my guy has the potential to move up and become more financially secure..  newlinechar I can wait for that a little longer - But how long is too long to wait for something like that to happen?  I've never dated anyone other than him, and I dont want to get stuck. I'll be left behind in the dating world if I wait on him too long. Especially since in my culture, people get married kind of early, and I'm already feeling some pressure to get married. He's certainly NOT marriagable as he is now though. Couldn't even afford the wedding. 	I think you might be doing him a disservice if you're only waiting on him (aka. settling) because you feel pressured to get married or think you'll be left behind in the dating world. Yes, it is possible to move up and make more money, but that can't happen overnight, whereas serious injury or a firing certainly can. Also, you two definitely need to be on the same page if you expect him to afford a wedding, and exactly what type of wedding you're referring to. You're still young and I think it would benefit you to gain some more life experience before you rush into marrying anyone just because you're pressured. Financial security does **not** equal happiness.
Oh joy, the mass downvoting..	I know. I don't care about internet points, but still...pretty unnecessary.
You're arguing with a guy who paid for a title from Sealand. I wouldn't take his opinion too seriously.	hahahahhahahahah
How is it supposed to be said? 	According to one book on classical Latin, 'ii' should have the following sound. newlinechar  newlinechar The first i is short as in the English 'hit'.  newlinechar The second is long as the i in 'machine'. newlinechar  newlinechar So denarii sounds like den-ar-i-ee, and triarii would sound like tree-ar-i-ee. Many others say it like tree-ar-ee-ee. If you're lazy you can just say tree-are-ee, like Nintendo Wii.  Download a realism mod with Latin voices (Europa Barbarorum is one), and they sound like that. If you watch Time Commanders that's how the historians say it as well.
CLG's first game was better than Vulcan's first game. Vulcan's second game was better than CLG's second game. newlinechar  newlinechar I think that sums it up a bit better. newlinechar  newlinechar Vulcan was almost perfect even with TSM 2nd game, but lost because of one small mistake of fighting at baron before mancloud could get there. Even though mancloud was late he could have cleaned up if Turtle didn't take down targets perfectly like he did. Much closer than CLG's game 2. 	It's Vulcun :(
You can use the resting level as a way to find that. 	As the bus moves along, I assume the slope changes...
It would be unsapped in a fraction of a second. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: ina -&gt; in a	Demo+medic newlinechar  newlinechar Place 3 stickies.
Yes? I didn't forget about you guys. I'm still gone though, for many reasons. One of them involving purchasing property and another involving family. 	Just checking
That's pretty bad.	Same commentator just made the comment along the lines of (still about that same challenge) that it was a very smart foul by O'Rourke.  He sent a message to Dempsey and now Clint will think twice about trying to get through him for the rest of the game and will probably back off if given the opportunity to dibble at him.
When you flip the burger, won't it all just leak out?	When I said pierce a hole I meant a very small one. You can press the patty a bit to seal the hole then flip.
What about bronze?	bro, get your own bronze.
The Real Blondie? Are you even gay?	And it comes full circle 
United dropping out of the top four would be the 3rd greatest thing to happen this coming season.	What's the second?
&gt;MATEN receiver set with rifle length keymod rail. JP bolt, 20' barrel, and LMOS Magpul PRS and grip High speed national match trigger. AAC brake Vortex FFP 4-16x with Bobro mount  newlinechar  newlinechar Im replying so that I can save your parts list :) newlinechar  newlinechar Just curious; what did the total amount come to about? Smells like ~3K ?	Pretty darn close. 
It actually isn't. The reason mainly is that the traditional border between Europe and Middle-east is the Strait of Bosporus and that Turkey is such a big economy (76 Million people] that it can easily start to unstabilize or such, the Union. Just look at the Mediterranean countries, Spain, Greece, Egypt, Libya, Tunisia etc. They already have big riots in Turkey few months ago. newlinechar  newlinechar But Turkey is a member of NATO...	That makes way more sense than religious intolerance. 
&gt; But given that I failed at spelling sweet a few times there, perhaps I should stop for the evening. I am expected to be slightly operational tomorrow. newlinechar  newlinechar Flippin' casual! Everybody knows 'sweet' is particularly hard to spell anyway.	My ability to type is one of the later things I lose; Probably has to do with being a compsci university student at one point... or spending an inordinate amount of time in front of a computer. newlinechar  newlinechar So... I should probably stop. But for some reason the Raspberry cider is now open. newlinechar  newlinechar [](/ajshrug)
can vouch. lived in Indiana for a couple years. came back to Illinois and everyone thought I was a redneck.	Cannot vouch. I think it depends on what part of the state you're from.  Whenever I'm in southern Indiana I notice it. Indianapolis area and north and I don't notice a thing.  newlinechar  newlinechar I've lived in the northern part of the state my entire life and according to friends (from all over the country) I don't have any accent. What part of the state are you from?
BUT HE IS RED!   newlinechar AND A BOY!   newlinechar that meets like hardly any of my criteria	[](/smooze)Smooze can meet *any* criteria!
Sleep paralysis is a normal part of a WILD, so I don't know how you can say that it's unrelated. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: if you don't believe me, feel free to check out /r/LucidDreaming's sidebar.	Then I am mistakened and thank you for pointing out my error.
I know...a fat girl can't have a drink and smoke without everyone getting their panties in a twist. 	reddit really hates fat people... newlinechar 
What makes you think it's her drinking and smoking, and that she's not just holding them for someone else?	It's the logical assumption. Not to say it's definitely the case, but you don't exactly see someone holding a sandwich and think 'Oh, they must be holding that for a friend!' 
I'm not a pop music producer, but Robin Thicke's original song is the laziest, most overrated thing I've heard in a long time.  People who enjoy good music everywhere have a right to be pissed off about that one.	i'm afraid your comment doesn't make a whole lot of sense, it's a pretty enjoyable song and ratajkowski's appearance is even more enjoyable
[Leaving creepy comments makes kitties cry :(](http://www.gifcrap.com/g2data/albums/Animals/Crying%20cat.gif)  It's also against the rules, specifically [rule 8](http://i5.minus.com/j480ZRiBD6ML6.png) so please don't do it again.	oh my god that gif. newlinechar  newlinechar Right in the feels :(
Safe way to get boosted.	'safe' Except for the fact that the silver play is facing gold players meaning that he is likely to feed if he doesn't belong there.
This is what I want to know, how is this monetized enough to require an office?	We are employed by reddit, which although isn't [profitable yet](http://blog.reddit.com/2013/08/reddit-myth-busters_6.html#reddit-is-not-yet-profitable), does give us a chance to get paid and have an office. 
my mic broke before this game. The worst thing I hear is when some 12 year old goes 'so you guys just wanna go in and shoot the guards?' newlinechar  newlinechar Meanwhile Im sprinting towards the drill. Please just let me get the fucking drill before you start dicking around. 	do you play on console? i never get anything like that.
The actual issue is immaterial. We could be talking about same-sex marriage, polygamy, abortion, drug laws etc; it doesn't matter. The premise that policymakers should vote based upon their familial ties is ludicrous. 	&gt;The actual issue is immaterial. newlinechar  newlinechar No it isn't. Provided there are no moral quandaries (which their aren't) then it would be very reasonable and commonplace to support your consenting sibling's and his/her partner's values rather than violate them with draconian policies that the government has no business dabbling in anyways.  Muddying the water with red herrings that have nothing to do with the subject at hand is nothing more than pedestrian rhetorical smoke and mirrors.  Polygamous marriage and same-sex marriage are two different things.  Inter-species marriage is another thing that is quite different as well, no?   newlinechar  newlinechar Do you know what's ludicrous?  Stating that the 'the actual issue is immaterial' when the 'actual issue' is the specific subject being discussed.  That is almost as ludicrous as the red herrings that you are using to equivocate the issue.
I have no clue where I could find APC in a brick &amp; mortar store around me. I figured I was just gonna have to bite the bullet and order what I think will work then pay for the return if I have to.	A Nordstrom close to me carries them. If you've got one close, check on their in store availability. I'd always recommend trying them on before purchasing. I have been wrong on sizing before and it's bitten me in the ass. 
the eastern span is ugly, the western span is easily one of the most elegant bridges from that era	The new lights add a great deal to that awesomeness.
&gt; The arabs attacked the security of Israel by means of military buildup and imminent invasion. newlinechar  newlinechar Get lost. You aren't interested in facts so stop wasting peoples time with this garbage.	The facts are that Israel was attacked in 67 and acted in defense. This is the cold hard truth. Fact.
Are you over 200 years old? Otherwise you never even had your word in the first place!	It's my word I bought it it's mine! [](/twicrazy)
They'll do the strike and then assess the damage to his assets and provide intel to where they rebels should target weaknesses. If it goes wrong again, they can pull another false flag for round 2. Watch what happens after the first strike very closely and you will see the change in attitude if it doesn't go right.	Right. Don't you think Aug 21st chem attack was way too obvious of a false flag? i can't wait to see what they have up next... 
I'm up on the Loop and the lightening is like right on top of us right now.	Good Luck! St. Louis Dawgs in da house!
Pretty good, watched a nice football game and now a rather interesting game here	Yeah, some seesawing going on tonight.  I'd call it 'nice' seesawing, except I'm wishing the Marlins could hold the lead!  Missed out on watching college football today, but that's okay.
[](/scootascared) Yeeeagh, that's actually worse. The anticipation absolutely kills me... newlinechar  newlinechar Pretty okay song so far, though.	But the honest emotion(in this case fear) makes it even better. especially when you start to calm down then rock out to it. In my case I like ti use their music to block stuff out when I get stressed. These songs almost take me back to the dark fantasy realms I spend so much time in, like a happy place. Yes, my happy place involves swordfighting and slaying villains and demons.
[btr back the fok up](http://imgur.com/QPwY4hu) newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: *fok	*fok
No, but the mosquito will keep up with a reaver that's trying to run away, even with a racer frame on the reaver.	Doesn't Reaver with Afterburners have a higher max speed? Either way a few KPH isn't enough for ANY ESF to outrun another ESF with A2As. They suck regardless of what faction you are on and the only option you have is to turn and fight.
No. On average you get €15 on your €20 and only about 2% of tickets are winners. newlinechar  newlinechar On the other hand, those in the 2% win an average of nearly €1M. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, most lotteries in the US are $1-10.	Of course, *on average* you always get less than you paid, that's where the owners of the game get their profit from. But still, a 15% chance of 'winning or at least not losing' sounds better than most lottery games I know, hence *relatively* easy.
[](/07)I'LL TAKE YOU DOWN TO THE PAIN TRAIN STATION IN PAIGNTON. newlinechar  newlinechar I'M GONNA POKE ME THUMBS INTO YOUR EYES AND HANG ON 'TILL UR DEAD newlinechar  newlinechar [IT'S ON, IT'S ON LIKE zzzzzzzzzzz](http://wiki.teamfortress.com/w/images/4/4c/Demoman_gibberish11.wav?t=20100625231526)	[](/zecora) Your ass is ass, and I am the pony of grass.
he played really, really, REALLY well against him, his confidence dropped and never recovered.	do you have any clips ?
I'm unfamiliar with what happened in Poland and East Germany, but in West Germany they generally had to serve out the rest of their sentences as they were convicted criminals.	Fuck's sake.
He nods, watching the pony walking in front of him. He can't be that famous, can he? Well, he does have a nice plot, that's for sure... No, Jon, better not think about that sort of thing. Not until you're alone anyway...  newlinechar  newlinechar At least he pays well. Easy job, easy money. Bacon. Gotta bring it. Bacon...	Limelight turned to look back at the silent stallion, who had a look of unmistakable determination. newlinechar  newlinechar 'I, uh... guess that means you're ok with all that.' he mumbled, continuing to walk at a brisk pace in near silence. 'So, tell me a little about yourself, Jon.'
It was really close, hard to fault that call	I know. Very close. All I'm saying is its not that important if he's out or safe. It's hardly going to make the difference in this game.
